🎊  *(in a small voice) BiSH's song* (〃'∇'〃)
>ex superstar Usain St. Leo Bolt, is there any rule that determines you are not a superstar anymore if you become like that?
(Please give me Family Mart Fried Chicken)
That's because Anime<Hentai
Bundle (One game)
With the authority of EVO sponsor
As the launch of the Epic store unfolds and I’ve learned more about the dynamics of each store, I have come to the following conclusion:
If something like Epic Games stays proactive a decade later, then I may change my mind
You get to be a part of the Epic PR machine, trotting out trailers of your game and using it in their marketing splashes.
It’s a rare opinion as most people are pushing Epic
When there aren't any clear benefits like GOG’s DRM free, nobody wants to increase DRMs.
I reserved it at GamePlanet
LLLer is looking for a spouse~ NOT.
The Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed Collection was also ok.
Switch controller
TOP-> Popular Coming Soon-> Coming Soon-> Wish List Top-> View All
It moves more smoothly than the WiiU version and is nice.
[“Mokomoko technique” * “Same with Shizue” * ** “Complete small dog manual” **] (# mm-c20) [···· ** all?
[You can touch Raijinmaru's stomach all you want](#bn-fuki3tl)
I would buy adblock even if it weren't free
I want to make a new version of ARK (DLC)...
I saw related pictures in imgur, I highly recommend going around Horyuji early in the morning because it’s less crowded.
I would have definitely returned it if it was Steam
I still remember when we were saying “those who own more than 1000 titles are pro steamers!” around the time their titles went over 1000
An asshole like wjn (in good way)
: What this decision comes down to is the very tough and cold AAA business decision that most indie devs have never experienced before.
I think it (comments by "Sorami Sumairu") is about whether it’s close enough to feel the threat or not
I wonder if you want to play a Pocky game with me~
🎉 Congrats, Mira!
"Hiei wouldn't say such a thing!
>Japanese subbed
I am a girl in high school and my dad said that share prices are 3 times that of when some anti-Japan party called the Democratic party? was in power.
Oh, the person with a Koizumi head!
Not related but I misread the destroyer "Osugi Sakae"
Because of Imu-kun.
I seriously think this could be influenced by Japanese adult videos.
**Me** your rate is 1200
I can understand Ozawa's actions as an opposition realignmentist but the The Democratic Party for the People will surely have a dispute
These socks are as thick as bricks.
If there was still Kochira Kameari Hashutsujo series going on
Can you use the $5 coupon for next month's Humble Monthly?
Can we use this to make people in the Abe administration resign themselves?
So this is Shitenno-ji.
S, Satsuma?
on top of that, Yayoi-ken is on the 1st floor!
Jagarico Jagarico Jagarico Jagarico
They built a high school there and forcefully named it “Jiyuugaoka Gakuen”
Hyakuta should apologize to the goddess of nature
That being said, what are these people who still supposed Shinzo Abe (´・ω・｀)
It's already a failing University having Yoichi Takahashi as a professor
So I'ma split the unfinished version (DLC) of ARK and sell it!
If you misunderstand it like that, you wouldn't understand the behavioral principle of Abe believers at all.
But with that logic, Okinawa can also be independent and build a peaceful relationship with neighbors
However, Kuroneko pay per delivery is not increasing.
If so, then I think they should rather admit it and make it a gated community
I see, I'm starting to understand that the business owner of this shop that plagiarizes is also running a pancake restaurant called gram, but this name gram is stolen from the same name shop's logo and trademark.
I've only lived in three places but I'd say Fukuoka.
Well, I think Fukuoka has that balance in that respect (Advertising
Thought of pulling a prank by creating a new account and drawing something just like Maitan and posting it
Mame chan🌱 where are you?
Mira ♡( ๑´•ω•)۶”( ; _ ; )
Of course, there are also a number of other things to consider: With the launch of Epic Store, you have the opportunity to be at the forefront of ¥what could be the second biggest store on PC.
Finally checked-in   done touring around for the day and I might go to Dotonbori once I've finished with my errands for the night
Ramu lol Oh, sorry ~~Muramura~~murabutan ... (  ; o ; )
It’s not worth releasing these titles while dumping popular ones like Dragon Ball, KILL la KILL and Persona.
I bought ASSASSIN’S CREED！
I didn't know Abyss Horizon was Chinese
It’s similar to the Carlos Ghosn’s case so just detain him
Let’s eat the candy cane.
If you have a guitar, study using a guitar   It is a harmony-type instrument   I'm back to the basics now and I'm working on the closed triad and inversions   I've had light fingers til now so I'm working on reorganizing my voicing and how to use it
Rhydon's earthquake!
I went there only when they have Subway day
In simple words, Abenomics result is the result of manipulation, correct?
or a gigolo?
SEGA's designers always come up with unique teaser methods
I will use this for my twitter background...
I have and want online friends   I also consider Miratan as a friend
Is heattech really that warm?
Is it because of the Fortnite effect?
I bet there is a bunch of Heihaizis?
Holbein transparent watercolors
Matsuko Deluxe weights over 100kg so why don't we have him demonstrate?
I think Yamato is a really despicable company
Ringo-san?
Asian small-clawed otter eating Le Lectier...
I love the poster artwork for Raiders of the Lost Ark so much
I thought “Shanghai is awesome” for a second.
* GOG.com *  DRM-free packages, access to the GOG Galaxy client with Achievements, Leaderboards, Friends List, forums, cloud saves, roll back branches, multiplayer API, cross play with Steam, game reviews, wish lists, Steam keys for older purchases (via special promotions that vary from game to game), refunds.
1 was well made as a simple arcade game
With all this publicity about how great the Epic Store is for developers, it is definitely a net loss for customers.
Japan has really become a developing dictatorship country where reform can only happen with external pressure
Brush your hair messed up during vacation...this comb has 60 teeth and it is the only thing you allow to get closer to your head.
21:00 Kushikatsu Yokozuna, delicious!
If he is going to talk about doing the right thing, then he should do it right now since he can have the budget at his discretion as much as he wants if he declares the state of emergency.
The subway in my neighborhood shut down too
Kushikatsu Yokozuna, I didn't go to the other Kushikatsu restaurants so I can't compare with them but it was delicious!
Personally, I am happy The Trail I just bought made a small hit.
This is the time to step up the oral hygiene game.
I want to go... I want to see Mimi-kun.
You can have the best Mandolin
Regardless of philosophy, the only thing Takenaka can do is to suck up to power,    so what is he teaching?
Recommended in 5ch
Is Self-Defense Force highly rated for rescue activities in disasters?
LDP’s catchphrase
That internet right winger 500 Yen used to work in an office during DPJ period but he became so poor to the point where he can't even buy a MacBook after Abenomics started.
8 bit police : You have disgraced the police, prepare yourself!
We had an exciting time playing together when the first edition of Super Smash Bros got released
Ozawa “(Let’s take this over and crush it)
Only Ozawa should go, Democratic Party For the People.
When I go to psychosomatic medicine they ask me “Is it lasting more than 3 weeks?”.
Too many people....tough....I like hot springs and foods when I travel......I’ve been to Beppu
When I was installing Origin a while ago, the update took forever and I almost went bananas
Drawing lots at candy stores ↓ Physical gachapon like supercar, Muscle Man erasers↓ Virtual Gachapon in social-network games
Osaka~~I want to go to Osaka~~~I want to back to Osaka (๑•́ ₃ •̀๑)
It's easy to dismiss buying games on the Epic Store as just another launcher.
I purchased Kenshi before the price went up and played it the most, it’s already over 100 hours
Lunch  Noodle shop Gaten
"Put all DLC in the cart" that is list price   Crusader Kings II 29,938 yen Europa Universalis IV 36,164 yen
They are raising prices and such on electronic versions   D company is really tight on your DRM
Tokyo has that too but I really wanted to eat Mazesoba noodles
They are being raised with hate education not only towards Japan, but also towards America, China and North Korea
An objection to a Japanese tradition? Are you anti-Japanese?
Best part of Japan seemed to be condensed in the late Showa era (after the 40's)
Japan conference “it is your own responsibility as someone being born as a lower class citizen! Shine!"
Russo-Japanese diplomacy on a red light confirmed
The only thing available is Cyber Detention Neptune.
>> During the six years I have served as Prime Minister, Japan's GDP has gone up by 9-10%     Didn't say it was dollar based
When urban degree is as low as Fukuoka, ratio of striking fashion decrease dramatically, but maybe it’s nice because still there are some.
Beppu sounds good~ I went there last year.
I thought it was Horyuji(〃ﾉωﾉ)
Northern territories settles with two islands, peace treaty is not a simple issue
The translation function is probably taken from Google, and we cannot avoid accuracy changes depending on the places and numbers of returns
I am going to play them all as much as I can (what a luxury), but I want to buy Anno 1800 and TotalWar Three Kingdoms first.
I think it shows some essential problems that Neoliberal Takenaka doesn’t like the fact students protest using signs and fliers and organize among themselves.
Beautiful🌕💕 Love the moon Love the stars Love the night sky... my LLL.
>The distribution ratio for all the games released by Steam as of now has been Valve30%/Partners 70%
"Can anybody speak Norse?"
The unknown okasanman has managed to get 120,000 followers by tweeting at an impressive rate.
First off all, take a drink all of you. Aaahhh. Hmm? Are you underestimating me? At any time I'll take your Stolichnaya and drink it down to the last drop.
Please, sorry... I'm going to Mametengu again, so please forgive me...
The satirical game in which you repeatedly open loot boxes "I Can't Believe It's Not Gambling" goes on sale. Experience mild excitement and crushing emptiness. I tried it right away, and it's a lot of fun.
There really are vegetables for sale at Mercari!
The Monju plan.  Difficulties transporting sodium lead to an unexpected problem in decommissioning the reactor.  In front of the Monju there is an experimental reactor called Joyo.  Maybe this one will also prove impossibe to decommission.
Yu, Yu, Yu, hey Yu, Yu. Yu is a real asset to the Kansai area.
Just how rare is snow in Saitama?
Why don't you update Aikatsu's music game to the new version.
There are 5 totally different reasons for the Iran demonstrations.
Police in Indonesia have detained 12 transgender people and cut their hair.
Expedia investigation.
A British design studio created a beautiful History of Alternative Music poster that is in the form of an electrical circuit diagram.
Katsuo falls off the rails due to bullying at the baseball club.
ECD, who had been fighting a battle with cancer, died at age 57. No way... RIP.
Reporter Kim Yeongjin.
I'm gonna buy Skyrim and write my impressions of it.
Sri Lankan Police officer, chased by elephant, loses firearm.
SoftBank commits Radio Law violation.
TV shopping is the 'world's largest rental shop' where people practice 'wardrobing' by returning items after wearing them, and companies can't stop them. Uniqlo offers unconditional returns, so there are even people who have bought just one outfit, gone on holiday, then exchanged it for something else.
Trehalose controversy.
New speed R.  Consider this year's Chinese character.  'Automatic tabulation'  For some reason its great to understand the original work.
Neuro is interesting so it can't be helped.
They'll be more bent over than a shrimp...
During the bubble kids of rich households used about 100,000 yen per month.
Ayaka Kikuchi cannot get the village honour award, even with a gold medal in the pursuit.  Riot over 'ostracism' | daily Shincho.  I thought so too.
Fetish passing evil.
Super Tatsuya board member on the fugu controversy. "Had been sold for many years." "It has struck home with us, and we won't sell it anymore." As long as it's not beef rectum then it's fine.
Professional baseball.
I want to eat rice with a ton of peyang as a side dish.
With wages rising, McDonalds went from the worst debt to the highest profit in 2 years  why does it feel like it's forgiven, it's mysterious
The special investigations department has given up on linear discussions.
Just that "Ririka" feels like it has an unusual sound to it.
The difference is that live2d is not labeled as DLC in the domestic version.
Miki Watanabe inappropriately remarks to the bereaved family and  apologizes for saying "Are you happy that you get to rest 7 days a week?" She's one to talk being someone who doesn't have to work 7 days a week.
A story of a comic artist who "fell into hell" after getting into restaurant management (Mito Orihara) | Gendai business draw in comic
Does Koshino Kanbai taste good?
“Gridman: The Hyper Agent” is going to be broadcasted in the fall of 2018 as a new anime.
Is it a revolt in Kasumigaseki?
If Takanohana revealed everything to get the media on his side, then it probably would have been the Japan Sumo Association that collapsed.
Takanohana loses, support doesn't extend to other sumo stables.
The rough style of Kaguya Luna is great.
Starting in Kanazawa City the first of next month.
Kanazawa University cancelled its lectures for the first time in 9 years.  It doesn't feel like, "class is cancelled, hooray!" so it's troublesome.
What about Kanemoto?
National Police Agency expert conference.
Ai Takabe, oh, my head...
The Finance Ministry admits to the existence of "one hundred million and three thousand" files of voice recordings.
[Important] An announcement in an influential academic journal: "Life on Earth originated from outside of the Earth, furthermore..." Panspermia has practically been decided upon, and this shocking discovery of a "diffusion system of life in the universe," for Tokana it's a pretty normal article
'Cinema art' Magazine leaves out animations in its best movie evaluation.
[News flash] Power words like "around forty angel" trademarked.
Deer carry prion diseases, don't they?
The Prime Minister has repeatedly denied his and Mrs. Akie's participation.
[Question] What can we do to change the government in Japan?
[News Flash] Kitaro of the Graveyard's catgirl is getting an update  Time for another catgirl thread  (ﾊﾞﾊﾞﾊﾞﾊﾞ
Noboru is wise to answer immediately about the attack of ?
The governer of Shizuoka proposes constitutional amendment  Says Mt. Fuji should be in the constitution as a symbol of national unity ／^o^＼  ^^This makes me sick
Akasaka Mitsuke was awoken...
Posted footage of the world of snow and ice "hard rime"  Is it Yukio Hashi?
【Late News】Nanachi is cute.
In a pond within a mine shaft on Asuwa Mountain.
Identified by former US ambassador Sasae Kenichiro before retirement.
Nagano bronze medalist Uematsu was arrested.
I won't buy anything from any company affiliated with Dentsu.
Naha court.
Puzzling photo of giant Kannon launches historical mystery; appeal from Twitter users leads to truth: Feel like this search drama's taking over Yahoo News lol
Even under the second Abe cabinet, in which the poverty rate improved, up until 2013 / 2014 regular employment decreased while irregular employment increased, you know?
Frequently visited welfare center.
Compulsory club activity, should be ended. The contradiction of everybody participating in "activities of their own free will". (Uchida Ryo) Then we should also stop teachers from having blonde hair. Dying your hair is bad for your body.
Barbariccia of the Winds.
Please put a hair tonic factory upwind as well...
Minister of Defense, acknowledges error in counterattack test "It did not go well".
Aso's removal alone won't end things.
Azabu Police Station.
At the end of the day it is a story about vehicles
retail price for Lettuce is unusually high, 1.8 times the normal average. this is half Abe's fault
Raiku Makoto "Please buy my house in Tokyo. I'll give you a special deal of 2 hundred million yen." I thought it might be made of reinforced concrete, but it turns out it's made of wood. But it isn't strange, and I imagine it'll probably sell.
2 people from the JGSDF are suspected for a convenience store robbery.  Saitama prefecture police arrest, the suspects in denial.  A field officer involved in a robbery... if I was told that someone had framed him, I would agree.
If there's something about Abe that can't be cured, it's got to be his head.
Folding Moreugesseoyo, which is trending.
Bullying is an extension of playing, get rid of teachers who turn a blind eye: Society: Yomiyuri Shimbun (YOMIURI ONLINE) Takanohana gave us a method for solving it, right? You just get your hands on some evidence that will force the police and courts into action and report it. You can't trust the Board of Education.
Even the money loving Asano Masumi didn't get into them.
I just got the Happy Birthday wishes on LINE.
Here is Naha it was 20℃.
The "News Girls" issue: BPO finds "defamation human right violation"
"I do not know if there was a direct conversation with Sagawa."
"Boyfriend of Mimori Suzuko discovered!"
【Live Coverage】A special showing of Tokyo Godfathers from 8:00 PM.
【Non-free article】Story about when I found the home address of anonymous online right-winger and told on his mom 「Your son is a horrific online right-winger」｜Toshiki Kino
Without anybody realizing it, the volume of goods has decreased wiki - Without anybody realizing it, the volume of goods has decreased wiki
The comedians said "our money is gone so we can't go to Disneyland."
As expected the sr rank is too high.
When I went to Mr. Donut just now there was a line and everyone was looking down at their smartphone screens.
Good bye Tuvalu~
Come on Watanabe You are too young to start getting old
Shimajiro had a character like that
Sharp reduction in sales for Shimamura. Is the lack of hit items and failure in online shopping strategy the reason?
People are standing up to Abe's tyrannical five year term.
Shimamura says the reason is that "in the middle of November the temperature across all of Japan was down, while in September and October it was hot, and the two weeks at the end of October with typhoons had an impact."
So when it comes to things falling on Okinawa, they don't stand on the side of the natives, but the US armed forces.
By the way I use Relay too.
Didn't civ6 have the Golden Age?
It's basically season three of Tesagure.
I assume they fill Amuro's absense in with a skit?
I have a dyson.
Acute gastroenteritis again?
I'm still doing civ 5
A friend working at Mizuho bank was making over 10,000,000 yen every year at 30 years old.
It's no longer moving with the exception of BTC/JPY stock exchanges.
At this point calling it Bank of Japan-nomics would correctly express the present state.
Is Yu-kun supporting Chairman?
Asia is full of countries that love surveillance.
I really hate Aniplex.
The benefit of Abenomics, no influence at all in rural areas... Local government's financing difficulties becoming more severe.
The idea of settling things with horsepower, like an American car.
Iwaki!
14 years old boy lays an egg in Indonesia
New girlfriend for Okada Kazuchika.
> In the past Shimamura was clearly "successful," so why are they now stalling?
I couldn't defeat the Christmas demon... (swaying side to side)
Sweden's senior FPS team, I think they're called the Silver Snipers, are so cool.
Secom｜Watch your back! Methods to keep a suspicious person from getting close.
Based on the relationship between Setar and that woman, you can say it is the gender equality brought about by gender discrimination.
And I haven't even beaten Xenoblade 2 or Zelda yet, oh man.
Looks like something from a Daft Punk music video
After being made to wait for three days for an item I ordered on the Amazon Marketplace, they cancelled the order by themselves without contacting me at all.
Reluctantly doing DereStage
Docomo’s overseas package deal is 1980yen/day for unlimited calls and 24MB of data. For unlimited data, 2980 yen.
Bring back Nikoru-kun, bring back Nikoru-kun... (unfulfilled wish).
The members of the BPO need to be inspected.
The Nikoru functionality was actually UV functionality in response to comments, so if that had continued then there was a chance they even could have changed direction and become the reddit of the video site world. "Stopped due to technical reasons (the person in charged stopped and turned it into yakisoba so we had to start over)" was declared at the announcement...
A bombing game called Post Abe or something
Mami-chan❤️ahaha❤️
Run Masaharu
Mami is your happiness.
Ms. Mami has been brainwashed and has turned into a real dangerous person.
Doing Mami is joy.
The Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA), a Rohingya insurgent group, admits that five people were injured after launching an ambush attack on the base of the Myanmar army.
Wide converter is finally coming to Japan
The F2P multiplayer FPS Paladins is getting flamed for trying to change their character strengthening card system to one based of off Star Wars Battlefront 2's loot box system.
If the Aso Caldera erupts, it could destroy the entirety of Kyushu, so it doesn't really matter what happens to one or two power stations.
What's bad is Abe's response and the Yomiuri reporting.
Why is Akie Abe's name in the approved documents?
The Abe administration is considering a revision of the broadcasting system.
Ikata Nuclear Power Plant Operation Suspended -" Pyroclastic flow may reach the reactor" - An injunction for the 3rd reactor from the Hiroshima High Court.
The requested LLL A4-size poster is complete.
FINAL FANTASY XII THE ZODIAC AGE releases on February 2/Japanese support.
On KanColle as seen by retirees:
HUG Puri is awesome
The king's ears are donkey's ears.
Large scale expansion pack for "Civilization VI: Rise and Fall" introducing numerous new systems such as the revival of the Golden Age and City Loyalty has officially been announced
I don't think Muramoto was wrong at all.
My sweet Anzu...
According to J channel at this point
Board of Audit: "We realized there were two types of documents"
So the producer is Ishidate Kotaro.
I think there's a term like "warship advocacy" in KanColle????
Desired party head Hashimoto Kotoe "In the end, when it comes to where in the brain 'love' comes from, I think it's the frontal lobe.
Japan Meteorological Agency.
On my day off, I got a line saying "Is there a good place to eat around here?"
Kanazawa University is closed because of heavy snow for the first time in 9 years
Economic critic Mituhashi Takaaki (48) was arrested under suspicion of hitting his wife (teenager)
Like / Reply / 1 / 10 hrs Takashi Shigemune / Udon Thani Are the members of the BPO who performed the review impartial?
The reason was that a hatch was not closed
Currently the Maritime Self Defense Force gas been deployed with 2 generation old technology of the SM3 block 1A but it was officially announced by the US Pentagon that the intercept success rate is 84% (However, there is no way that they could shoot down and completely negate a warhead).
Does Gendai refer to Shukan Gendai?
Foolish Man Provokes Director Takasu
Since I quit LINE, those kinds of messages don't come anymore♡
In the near future you can imagine various countries clinging to Japan and begging them to sell them things, and to be honest that excites me!
Now that I think of it, I never finished the story for Splatoon 2 either.
Buy NEO. NEO.
Recently NESiCA machines have been doing a lot of emulation.
NHK is really pulling out the stops!
If you have a kid, put them in concrete and send them to Mercari
The most cases of child prostitution in history. Solicited via smartphones and games. Niigata.
You're talking about the NSR, right?
Japan Self Defense Force's PR anime, "High School Fleet," has finally become a social network game!!!
LDP's Mrs. Santou "The Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare acknowledges women who have given birth to more than 4 children"
Reddit question thread and discussion thread for beginners (Question & Discussion) December, 2017
Prime minister, critical of Asahi article "They are publishing without evidence".
"Prisoner's Dilemma" Experiments Clarify Environment where Punishment Produces Retribution  Hokkaido University
It was a duodenal ulcer.
Regarding the debate about women-only passenger cars
Suga "The prime minister knew as well".
Come to Kusatsuma! The Mayor said we're threat level 1 but really we're at level 3!
Come to Kusatsuma! We're only 5 kilometers from the crater of a volcano, but its safe!
Mount Kusatsu-Shirane erupts.
"SWAT Next Generation" is a new tactical shooter inspired by games like SWAT4 and Rainbow Six, and it's Kickstarter campaign has begun.
Director Yoshihiko Obayashi 's HANAGATAMI!
76th Hacker News Tokyo Meetup 2017-12-06 (Wednesday) 18:30-23:30 SuperDeluxe Roppongi Tokyo Prefecture Minato Ward Nishi Azabu 3-1-25 Floor B1
The Steam version of "Shin Sangokumusou 8" officially does not support Japanese subtitles.
flamethrower drone does great in China
Inoki "How are you!!"
Asahi Shimbun PR objects for first time on their official Twitter.
I have the result of TOEIC！！！！！！！！！！！！！
Ryoko Tamiya (Parasyte -the maxim-) is kind of like this
Will you quit Dentsu?
A testimony of sexual and workplace harassment during Achū's time at Dentsu.
M7.3 earthquake in South American Peru • r/quake_jp
Nikkan Gendai?
A stock sure to profit those who think Japan has a bright future.
Hachijo Island is like that.
Hatta Ayako, tragically mistaken for the mother of a college student at the bank...
For a stable nucleide like helium with a half life of 12 years it's fine to just gather it up.
I've got a cold and was doing it while lying down, and before I realized it I'd fallen asleep, but as always there was no Nicholas drop.
Kyoto University Professor Mochizuki.
Minister of Finance Asao press conference report.
It's sinusitis when you feel pain in the deep part of your eyes or face.
Arima Memorial?
Finance chief: "Because she's the Prime Minister's wife"
Delay in official announcement regarding core meltdown. "There were no orders from above." Inspection team's conclusion.
Yoshishige Kago
The conclusion of the Kinotake war...... ! The will of the citizens is questioned as the polls open in the official Meiji "Kinoko no Yama・Takenoko no Sato National Election"  Takenoko will take a complete victory
It's not linked to Kurage Bunch.
He's always breaking Final Fantasy 6, isn't he.
I became a golden member of Kinokuniya Book Store for 3 months in a row.
I Want to Be Good at Japanese Like This.
This winter it will go below －３０℃ for the first time in the country.  It's scary thinking how cold it will be on the ground level in Hokkaido.
This is the scene at a dinner in the US (image).
If people increase this much, then I will feel like I can make an LLL village.
This is probably Abe’s fault.
This is probably half Abe’s fault.
Hurry up and arrest Abe's friend, that rapist Yamaguchi.
Leave it to Santa
Come to think of it, in the group of people around Abe there isn't really anybody better looking than him.
BS 11 has a lot of those promos.
And I also got ten thousand in FGO today as of today and charging 60 thousand yen this month.
Eventually China could cut them off.
The radiation exposure in 5 minutes will be 667 mSv (Japan's workers' radiation exposure limit is 2 mSv/year)
I think the result of that must be "Beast Friends."
By the way, the top search hits were all from Adachi, so I get the impression that only in Adachi is this being made into a big deal.
Speaking of TOIEC, scores can only come in intervals of 5.
Toguchi Taketoyo, projected to win, Okinawa Prefecture mayoral election.
How can the financial damage to Fukushima caused by false rumors be eliminated? Expert says, "The 'truth' must be thoroughly conveyed." How is that different from "How can discrimination be eliminated?"
Result of check for ADHD.
When, and why, did Christmas become a holiday for lovers?
Why now?! I was reading a strange book covered in loops trying to understand philosophy so I could analyze my nightmare about the Endless Eight. That wasn't two periods, it was inserted into new episodes that were rebroadcast. If you think of it like that, it's not crazy to think it could be repeated 8 times.
ADSL will be completed in 2023 and I order for an illegal construction
Why does the 「Average income」rise even in a depression?  Simpson's paradox  Lying using statistics
Ms. Maruyama of Nadeshiko Japan made the stunning confession that she had no bra and panties on at the press conference.
They resemble parasites LOL.
Mice give me the creeps.  They're pests.
Online game addict appearing on Nehorinpahorin "Being a bottler takes a lot of time and is inefficient" Today I learned
I got the Usui Horn that I had my heart set on!
ANN public opinion poll.
Chick tower.
AV actress・Nozomi Aso (33) arrested upon suspection of possessing stimulants・Prosecution.
Ms. Yuria the thigh photographer? There are images of herself. Could this be her own thigh...?
Me, stuffing the undergarments that I took off of Alina Paisen into my mouth.
I wrote my thoughts on the appeal of this game I'm really into at the moment about a man in a pot.
Alibi is a pretty city though.
That's coincheck for you.
Better understanding of FGO with manga.
Amazon's "Wish List", when saving it changes to use your real name.
Just catch Amari already.
AoE2 is fun too.
A kind world  I wonder if it's Judah?
Finally it's bouncing back on the MBS net.
I want to do AoE.
Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag Free   Our UBI
Because there's nothing to do, I looked up various things about Tobita Shinchi and became motivated to go, but going alone is scary  It's far
Rurouni Kenshin author, arrested for possession of child pornography  Forgiven
I don't know, since I'm still in Australia...
「Unico」, the smart toothbrush that brushes all of your teeth in a mere 3 seconds, is collecting support.
It is famous for BW etc., but can Japanese people work as mercenary soldiers?
Otoshidama from Akira [] (# b 2)
Aqua is cute.
Reminds me of a puzzle in Assassin's Creed 2.
Unfavorable conditions for Asian market.
Abenomics, almost 90% "approval".
Under Abenomics the number of households with "a net worth under 3 million yen" has increased, up to 20% of people in their 30s.
Abenomics is a huge success.
It's weird that Amazon's "push here" button on their cardboard boxes are so firm.
If the bitcoin is issued to the upper limit, what happens to the mining money?
On Amazon there are some items that curiously have positive reviews and a lot of reviews.
It seems that the influence of right wingers is icreasing in the world of American furries  Seriously, Anyamaru Tantei Kiruminzuu is the absolute worst
Ariel liquid now in a new package; 720g instead of 770g.
Alina Paisen "what?!!?"
Alina Paisen "What?!?
It would be interesting if Alibaba releases AI speakers.
Alcohol free cannabis beer will be on sale in Canada next year.
Greatest aircraft carrier in English history, repair for flooding discovered immediately after it was commissioned.
Israeli solders are amazing.
I am going to Italy.
I arrived in Italy.
800,000 instagram followers.
Imphal annuity.
Muramoto from Woman Rush Hour 「Prime Minister, this isn't the time to be hung up over something like this. We have to hurry and manipulate article 9 too. 」A joke I just came up with 「Say the first item of article 9 of the Constitution. You can't say it?! What the heck!! 」
Winter sports.
A talented person from Thu'um named Wolfric Nishio or something.
There are kids who are addicted to energy drinks?
Prime Minister Abe announces a new interpretation that is too innovative, that even when the Engel coefficient rises, the economy recovers To begin with, the answer is already incoherent
Character voice done by Hidaka Noriko
citrus is good r/anime
Girls channel shows mass posting of "unpleasant G image" , The commitee decided the legal action to the users.
I wonder if their guide was Muneo.
DMM sudden turn, the reason behind "backing out" of  share bicycle market entry.
Miss Kitty, collaborating on preposterous things.
Memories of the Jiangshi popularity.
"Kill me baby" is going to resurrect.
It's the Christmas Eve. I'll summon mahosho who is everyone's girlfriend! \\vwon/ Mahosho is my pet.
Google, without altering search algorithms, ask for Affi by lowering the rank of media exposure
Gudako and her husband are always acting homosexual.
Isn't a cadence of 90 pretty rough?
Games are fun!
I lied for a game and I got Get Freedom. I'm playing Monster Hunter right now but it's fun.
Trending for reasons outside the game, the game Dark Rose Valkyrie will release in spring. For Idea Factory games, after playing Fairy Fencer I vowed that I wouldn't buy another except for NepNep.
Geruman Ninpou.
Coincheck stops all currency financing.
Coincheck Ltd., complaints department. Recruiting customer care representatives en mass for 1600 yen. You can't get a customer care representative for 1600 yen...
It's quite a bit different from a country where Comic LO is sold all over.
Column: Bitcoin will absolutely not become "real money"  LN implementation, gah
Coro Coro Comics March issue discontinued  It's the return of the Burning Wild Man Janitor incident
Are you not getting involved with the COLOPL trial?
It's a hassle to look for what I want on Cyber Monday Sale.
Saudi Arabia. Restricted princes' assets. 11 trillion yen seized. Give it to me.
Somebody making a submission: "Such and such happened" ◎←fried onion ring ◎←Pon de Ring ◎←nipple
Sanko starts preliminary reservation of "sugar cutting rice cooker" which can cut carbohydrate by 33% just by cooking normally It'll be great if there's a function like mixing agar automatically
Sandwichman.
The opening of the Special Orders Committee concerning the statue of comfort women in San Francisco.
Sachertorte exists.
My love for Zaha Torte is amazing.
I drew a supreme cap.
Poor fishing of shirasu eel. For some reason since last year there's a 99.4% decline. A person involved with the story said, "Is it maybe a delay in migration of the young fish born near the coast of Guam?" Bingo.
Congratulations for opening in Singapore!  The wind is strong, and cold on bare skin.  I woke up when a neighbouring church started ringing the bell at 4:30@Nha Trang, Vietnam.  There were no loud fireworks, but there are dogs barking all night, and a rooster was crowing.
It looks like Johnny's finally lifted its ban on photos on the Internet.
Johnny's festivities.
If you like Jill Oll come here for a little bit.
Scotland's hangover cure  It tasted like medicine when I drank it a long time ago, it didn't really fit my taste
I couldn't watch FGO's anime orz.
I started playing Splatoon but it's difficult... I can't win... there are tons of LLL gamers
Are these "small ghouls" or something?
It is part of the Sega legacy.
Social game ... thing..., ah... (guess)  Wrong  Is it Magical Karin?  Are you expecting something?
Zoids Wild is starting.
Dyson's EV, available in Japan to become the first in the world.
I wonder what the “Ta” in Cheese Ta Karubi is... It seems like it would be quite rich.
Twitter Japan, looking into new functionality.
Twitter is in an uproar.
The TSUM TSUM commercial is cute.
It is a Theseus‘ Paradox.
Alpheus brevicristatus have a society with a "queen", secrets revealed.
So not teppoudama (bullet), but teppouebi (Alpheus brevicristatus).
Digital mini comic "ZARTAN" #11 complete.
Toyota has decided to use the Rotary engine!
Toyota's New "Humanoid" Robot Can Move Like a Human  Do a back flip!
Trump administration demands ban on transgender enlistment in US military  People who keep such ambitions to themselves are ordinarily NG
President Trump said he would have "rushed in unarmed into the mass shooting scene."
Nuclear power expenses in Turkey, double what was expected.
The trend site sued Kamata gas by explosion and promptly spread a lie.
Vulnerabilities in German smart sex toys found.
Main visuals for the TV drama "My Brother's Husband" now released. To celebrate the drama's release, plans to exhibit original cels from the comic. Perfect replication of the style of the original hits the mark, doesn't feel "off" like other remakes. Would love to see this one!
Nestle is the worst, haha.
Aiming at the improvement of the reliability of the Internet media Preparation meeting of "Internet media association" was launched.
Internet ads aren't selling! Dentsu's unexpected suffering. Why don't you try stealth marketing. You're good at that too aren't you.
There is a theory that naked mole rats don't age.
Balthus is that kind of artist.
That Valentine's chocolate looks expensive.
Sushi in Pakistan.
I forgot my password.
My computer is once again in a never ending loop of Blue Screen and normal Windows startup.
Just who are you knowing about things like pachors?
Conveys to Palestine.
A story of being forced to cut one's losses with bitcoin foreign exchange.
Bitcoin drops below 1,000,000 yen.
The Bitcoin fell steeply.  The Nikkei average stabilised at 3000 yen.  If this hadn't gone up, domestic consumption would have been completely stifled.
No 1 app for bit coin trading.
A thread to build a pyramid.
Family Mart is entering the coin laundry business.
Family Mart has launched "Flattering Lunch Box" on a limited number.
I'm just looking forward to the anime block on Fuji.
I want to join the Freemasons but do you know how much the monthly fees are?
Pretty Cure defeats Rasubosu in an average of 15 minutes 50 seconds.
Is Premium Friday a failure?  "A real gap among classes simply ended up getting spotlighted." I think it was a success when people started pointing it out. What's discussed is the crazy reality of Japanese who cannot even take days off.
Venezuela is the world's first nation to issue cryptocurrency. Why don't they use preexisting cryptocurrency. What's the point of that.
Car Pool, the portable male toilet that lets you pee anywhere with a plastic bottle. Ooh, this looks pretty convenient!😁
Holy Mommy’s motion is like an eccentric weirdo. She does not seem like a holy woman. I am sad.
I got a Holy Mami.
Steven King, a horror writer, published his first picture book. It's surprisingly heartwarming..no, wait. I don't know about this. This is actually a story of children getting kidnapped.
I don't get a bonus but when bonus season comes around I get the urge to buy things.
I played Pokémon Safari the most.
POPEE the Performer Episonde 10 Tanmago
It seems like the Pop Team Epic anime has begun.
Are the trans fatty acids in margarine a major problem for the Japanese people?
The Millers Ranking starts with Magireko, but for ease of getting payment, a D rank would seem to be best.
If you happen to see it take a video and send it to me through Line
Masao works for a well known appliance maker, but becomes part of the precariat due to fraudulent accounting practices.
Ms. Mami is hot.
Mami san became a saint before she got in and went down.
Give People's Honor Awards for people who get new records in Mario RTA
Uploading a picture of margherita and seafood pasta.
Mirrors finishes with 20 wins and 3 losses  Strong
Mercari: "This isn't a black market."
Mercari's scary so I can't use it.
Mercari regulation, plan to pay close attention.
Monacoin.
What is Moreugesseoyo?
A Moreugesseoyo subspecies?
Monster Hunter is fun.
Monster Hunter girl "Please tie it"  That's right, that's right
Yakult scatters beans at spring training in purification ritual, fails to chase away ogres.
A lion "kissing" the front leg of a Labrador.
The case where the secret location of US military bases was revealed through the jogging routes of soldiers using running apps  Okasan man is safe because he has 100,000 followers
Lusamine is up to something!
Lulu This is it
It's been 3 years since LLL was made. I think something needs to be done to make it a heritage soon. Already 3 years... so fast.
The yearly average for lettuce rises by 1.7 times.
Red panda is most dangerous to play with. It was bigger than I imagined! I thought it was nearly the same size as a small dog but it was bigger than a shiba  inu. Almost a toddler size.
A person who voted numerous times in the presidential election in Russia.
What's up with Ronaldo?
Apparently a deciphering of the Voynich manuscript is starting to move forward. What did you guys first imagine was written in it? It's a dangerous diary that says things like how he thinks there is no true god.
3rd lowest rating ever at 39.4% despite Namie Amuro's performance.
Abe "The number of unemployed people decreased so it's as expected!"
Abe "A voiceless voice in my ears."
This is, after all, Abe’s mass media.
Abe himself is a land mine.
Abe and his party have in some way been successful in putting on a 'new strength' political circus show.
Abe supporters are spreading the vicious discriminatory rumor that "'The distictiveness of this matter' of the Moritomo papers are the same as the treatment of the untouchables"!
Prime Minister Abe, "very sorry" for data misuse = no repeal of discretionary work law.
Prime Minister Abe, aid to foreign countries "2.8 trillion yen in five years" TBS NEWS. He will also cut down on Japanese livelihood protection
Prime Minister Abe, reply revoked and apology.
Prime Minister Shinzo appeared on far right program on Internet!
Prime minister Abe's strange answers.
The human affairs around Prime Minister Abe's friends.
LLL is always watching you.
Mrs. Abe Akie is advertising pillar "damaged for 30 billion yen" The identity of the suspicious company.
Documents that indicate involvement from his wife, Abe Akie, are continuously being unearthed.
The Abe administration is coming apart at the seams C "The approval ratings are a fraud and the election is fair" and there is no D "The approval ratings are fair and the election is a fraud"
Abe administration's financial estimates have fallen to being "embellishments" as expected.
The Abe regime will not disclose the Cabinet Secretary secret spending report.
Reported that Prime Minister Abe "uses supplements derived from 'contraband plants'"!
Italy's Bitgrail loses around 20 billion yen's worth of Nano (XRB). Some suspect company absconding with the funds. Wow, cryptocurrency is the stuff of your dreams (monotone). Stealing ten percent of the issued currency wouldn't be possible with real currency.
The Bitcoin full node was launched to improve awareness.
Asahi Shinbun wins the law suit in the second trial concerning the comfort women. In the first case before the Tokyo High court, there were 2557  plaintiffs, 62 of whom appealed.     These must have been the wealthy ones.
Meanwhile, in Japan...
LLL year end party.
Inamura Ami "attacked by middle schoolers". Bizarre scene... Little League tournament opening ceremony becomes "frightening". Japan is the only place that says something like this is "scary, scary".
A retiree's view of "KanColle".
I saw Hanyu's short program, but the cheers of the older women were so intense they were scary.
Hanyu is amazingly good looking.
Habu is retiring.
Shogi master Habu, defeats Watanabe Akira to become first "Eternal Seventh Rank" in history.
Lishtot's Test Drop will determine whether the water can be safely drunk without contact.
The English company of Japanese food restaurants called “Wagamama”(selfish) apologized for forbidden sick absences from their workers. “Selfishness” is a man’s sin.
The biggest aircraft carriers in British history, receiving repairs immediately following commission due to flooding  HMS (Her Majesty's Ship) is attached to British Navy ships  Passenger ships use RMS, MS, etc.  These prefixes are pretty important, but Japanese articles often omit them
Queen of England reveals that riding in the golden chariot is "not very comfortable" on unusual television appearance. If they've just got leather seats over springs, it's sure to be a bouncy ride.
Because MOD is incompetent.
Towards the capture of the cat that is attacking animals in Amami.
Shuzo Oshimi's manga power is amazing.
Okinawa Prefectural Police "The more we clamp down the more there are."
Microsoft, develops artificial intelligence that generates realistic images from sentences ~ Modeling the concept of "human attention" and of learning "common sense". Things are looking good for porn creation in the future.
What's going to happen to my Perrier?
I was also wondering what Noda Chuo Park was and Googled it.
Our idol, the crazy strong comprehensive fighter Gabi Garcia, has as strange appearance.
NHK「University graduates starting salary increases drastically in the past few years 」【See in chart】That 666 number is sinister
Hakubun Shimomura is under suspicion for inappropriate donations.
For those who wish there were USB outlets in their house, here is an installable USB outlet.
Scientist scream out in warning! Will there be a sharp increase in earthquakes in 2018 due to equator shrinking? What do they mean equator shrinking? It's too small and won't reach all the way around! Something like that maybe?
NHK subscription fee "fee collection chips" are in all TVs!?
Foreign Minister Kono hospitalized.
Remove gray.
There is an important request for everyone regarding sachertorte.
I'm from a foreign country, so please excuse me, but why is it that tweets from the opposition party about the Moritomo scandal are always covered with replies by professional patriots?
Introduction of vehicle specifically for foreign ministers = Kawanoshi "Cannot wait at the airport at night".
Introduced Moso bamboo and madake bamboo are threatening the Satoyama ecosystem.
Apparently it's the NPO Foundation to Make Japan Beautiful.
Mr. Rakuten Books,  Shipment is going slow and late. So dissapointed about Mochiman.
He's doing something like Amari would do.
Mr Kishi, "I forgive".
If there's any hope left, it's in the Prowls (Hah)
I came back Erochan.
Kisenosata.
Fraudulent "working way reform". It is not planned to introduce high professional to eliminate working time regulation (# 0317 in front of Alta) The general public will be crushed by Monday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Friday working and the plan will be to increase the number of senior citizens by surrogate birth
Lets make the civ5 English language version part of compulsory education (A proposal).
Saori Yoshida asks, "Would I fit the bill?"
Reconstruction Agency member Yoshino's problematic remarks.
Jilin daily report, detailed explanation on "How to live through a nuclear attack".
For the first time in a while I pulled out my 360 controller and tried to connect it to my computer, but maybe the connection part is broken? What's up with that, it's, it's expensive. I could buy three of the controllers I bought for that price!
So this is the sound game that Musashi Miyamoto is a huge fan of.
Kyoto University research.
The communist party is aiming to magnify their political strength through social networking services.
OP  has been brainwashed and is incapable of thought, as he only has negative remarks to say about Japan.
Dinosaurs died out because flowers bloomed  It seems to be in fukase's lyrics
After harassment such as hiding the vice principals slippers, licensed high school teacher given pay cut: Asahi Shimbun Digital. I was thinking it'd be somebody in their 20s, but when I saw that the person was 51 I was shocked.
I thought it was Kinniku Shojo Tai!
Gunma people are strong.
The economy is getting better but more restaurants are going out of business! Because of Abenomics people are eating better food and refining their palate! (Frontal lobe drips out of my nose
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry begins consideration of "flying cars". Debate over manufacturing industry's direction. This is Kyoko Shimbun right? Wait, what are they saying for real? Why isn't this Kyoko Shimbun!
Federation of Economic Organizations going mad.
Moritomo issue: LDP and Democratic Party agree to have copy of sanction letter submitted. If you want to talk about "minor differences" in each version, there are tons of them.
Settle a dispute. What types of things can mayonnaise go on? Things like meat and potato stew or curry or other things that have a lot of liquid in them are unreasonable.
In the end, what's "liberal" in Japan? What kind of people are they? They're straw dolls.
I had put old, subpar bills I withdrew from a convenience store ATM... in the congratulatory wedding gift​.....
Monday is Game Day! Let's discuss!  Splatoon 2 is fun.
Research result: It was the act of a single person that raised Bitcoin from 150 dollars to 1000 dollars.
I think this line comes from Dogra Magra.
Recently this feeling, Todays personal masterpiece is the Jumpman logo.
Incumbent Inamine Susumu loses election.
I'm baffled that even in modern times there are countries that use T4 tactics.
Over 100 trillion yen sought in class action lawsuit against Apple for intentionally degrading performance of older iPhones.
Shigeaki Koda: "I will teach you how falsified data for work style reforms is made."
Right before the olympics  2400 volunteers resign  dissatisfied with certain aspects such as lodging facilities  And with that, everyone disappeared (A personal urgent wish of mine)
You're commenting on Reddit with great effort, but no merit.
So they're obsessed with Travel Frog, while we're into Azur Lane, huh?
I made a black tea cake.
It's because there's kind of a trend where turning down Kouhaku makes you more respected.
I saw it in Hirohiko Araki's manga.
Japan Display, which over 9/10 of the country invests in.
UN, new organization to reduce plastic garbage in oceans, look into countermeasures and alternatives. Won't you please do something about the tendency for putting even the most trivial things in plastic bags? I get worn out saying I don't need one every single time.
Now I'm about to go to Roppongi for work.
As of now, Japan's position is that it is "being allowed" to work with China.
Today's maman is like, 'mum is a 4th year primary school kid'.
I guess nowadays that would probably be Minecraft.
SPA hasn't agitated with an article yet.
He is facing Mero Imai in the Winter Olympics!
Nomination and autumn sale commence for the Steam Awards 2017.  gj   But I can't think of any games...
Do we even need PayPal anymore?
This week's Tawawa.
Now we're seeing developers on Steam who sell "empty folders." Files are eventually sent, but the game itself is even more horrid. If something this stupid is driving conversation, you could say they've achieved what they wanted, couldn't you?
Number of residences under construction in October, large decrease in number of apartments ~ in Fukuoka Prefecture compared with the same month the previous year there was a 72.7% decrease.
Today's manga diary  I knew it
I heard that today is genaa's birthday.
Today is the submission deadline for the Omocoro Cup, and there was a nursing student who drank their own urine and used their own urine to make a cupcake. Scary. Is this for real?
I went to Matsuya today, and I nodded when the staff asked me, "Will it be alright with you to wait a moment?"
I saw a navy Anello.
Sagawa, National Tax Agency director's "Life on the Run Hotel" offers a 30% discount to government officials. The media "Where is Sagawa!? Search for him!"
If Sagawa tells them everything then it's over.
TOEIC result has arrived!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Head of the National Tax Agency Sagawa intends to resign.
National Tax Agency Director Sagawa's "art of running in shame and getting ahead".
National Tax Agency President Sagawa's "life on the run."
National Tax Agency Director Sagawa dismissal once again rejected.
National Tax Commissioner Sagawa receives an endless stream of criticisms.
Mr Sakagawa had to make these amendments for coherence, but why and for whom did he have to write such false statements.
Recently I've finally gotten into Civilization V. I don't have much time so I can only play on my days off though.
Writer Atwood expresses concern over "MeToo" movement.
The popular gaming hardware brand "Mad Catz" which went bankrupt last March revived, the new product's announcement coming soon. I forgot to buy RAT 1 at closing sale, so resale it please
Suspect Mihashi Takaaki predicted his own arrest.
I like the symbol for Mie Prefecture.
Mitsubishi Jet postpones aircraft exhibition.
Upper House Budget Committee.
Area around the TX Tsukuba Station, fears of deindustrialization.
Ishiba on the implementation of the Sanin Shinkansen "A single track should also be considered".
Former Undersecretary of the Humanities and Sciences Yamanaka will be the chairman of Dwango.
Yamamoto Mizuki's drawing ability #rakugaki not bad.
This job is like Splakoon  koon, koon
TwitterJapan, to deal with complaints elderly people are made to bow to the ground in apology.
A path that Shijou Takane has already gone down.
Children's dependence on smart phones, big stockholders request investigation to Apple.  I wonder if there's still no management applications?  Even though smartphones are so widespread.
My love began with misidentification. Mr. Pence's pe〇〇s is being targeted. [](#b2)
Machiavelli Private Academy Middle School Gives Mathematics Entrance Exam Where Every Question is 'Impossible', Including 'Trisecting an Angle'. Today's fake thread.
Twitter automatically distributes ads for 9900 yen per month. "Auto promote" is available in the country. It's  cheap! I'll block you.
Sometimes Bunshu writes sontaku articles that pander to superiors too.
The Self Defence Force.
Twitter: "We cannot give answers about individual cases."
Even in the Self Defense Force they are a higher rank (usually about 2 ranks).
I was looking at the feminism cluster on Twitter and it made me dizzy.
A sweat shirt from UNIQLO's  sale.
I could tell it's tiramisu from the URL, but Kurage Bunch's server is too slow so I can't see it at all, let alone barely.
Liberal Democratic Party Diet members, resolution adopted to stop taxes for using golf resorts. It truly is only the upper class that gets tax breaks.
The last conscience of the Liberal Democratic Party.
UV Begger Waruiguma
Just what you'd expect of Japan.
Did you stop by Tobita when visiting your parents?
Young people and people in their 30s "Abe, go for it! Abe, go for it! The work revolution and the Moritomo Problem are good!" This thread title makes me laugh.
Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare's Passive Smoking Measures regulated thermal tobacco.
Students on school trip go near Northern Territories.
Akimoto Yuri gains male fans in droves due to power words "bamboo thicket" and "compost shed".
Making an Akita dog candy.
Judo's Masato Uchishiba's behavior.
Wake up LLLers    My awareness seems to be flying away
They will be bringing back the gigantic controller from the original XBox in March, What the heck? There seem to be two buttons on the right side and two more bumpers? 6 + 2 (Menu) + 2 (Stick) + 2 (Bumper) + 2 (Trigger) making a total number of 14 buttons. If that's the case I want it
Seems scrapping documents is fast on its way to becoming a new Japanese tradition.
Apparently there are netizens overseas who are feeling indebted for not donating to Wikipedia (Wikipedia). "I can't sleep at night because I feel guilty..." and such. You can make NSR in Rocket News. I thought it was blocked.
Wikipedia's article on the "Engel coefficient"  A statement has been added as of February 1st that it is not useful in modern times  The sources include novels  (Oh... the Ministry of Truth?)
The reason that the cute "BONSAI" of female college students is popular.
Women's thighs Photo Exhibition cancelled, Tokyo Gets online criticism Damn nice thighs
Dressed in girl's clothes and doing anal masturbation, Kusashon returns home.
85% of elementary school students don't know what a public telephone is, according to NTT East Corporation.  We're forever indebted to you for letting us do prank calls m(_ _)m
Just like an elementary school! Shigeru Ishiba, the former LDP head is being bullied! He was the only one not being given the "Abe supporters' book". Abe supporters' book?
Zaif’s apology, “It was a condition where one could buy digital currency for zero yen.”  “This was because the digital currency I bought for 0 yen was sold in a transaction area.”  I don’t understand digital currency very well but are the allegations explained here?
A large hole on Lake Ogawara.
Nao Kohira, Wishful gold medal! Japan women's first achievement in speed skating! Speed Skating Women's 500m Olympic Records victory • r / Olympics_ja~ so fast!
Odori Yuko's son's class collapses.
So this is the last episode of "Girl's Last Tour"...
Girls' Last Tour seems to be drawing to a close and I'm scared.
[Fanatical] tinyBuild Party Bundle has some pretty nice things included. I already have them though.
Abe Akie's unchanging, carefree life.
Is it a banquet for Yoshio Matsuoka?
[Humble] “The Red Solstice” is free for 48 hours. Now that you mention it, it has been on my wishlist for many years. I have been curious about it so I appreciate this.
He might have squirt body fluids in the train.
The new Reddit application seems to be slow, but what is it compared to another ones, it's better than 0ch, 2ch, 4ch, 5ch.
I want a new flair.
Please be excited for Kei Mizuryu sensei, who's carving out a new world.
Shinkansen: Forgets to open doors, 200 people left behind at Nagoya Station. Conductor also left behind  Hahaha
Shinmoedake erupts.
Jouji Morikawa "Do it again  Fujikawa Ikou  But remember first"  There are no seasonal words.
An administrator of Moritomo Academy makes a statement.
The Moritomo documents: Treasurer Asō's rewrite. His motive? To hinder the investigation. It's look an oily, shiny cockroach.
The Moritomo scandal.
God sent his only son Jesus Christ into the world. The Bible. &nbsp;&nbsp; Cat. Understand me.
I can no longer live without constantly buying things from amazon so that I'm always wondering if something will arrive the next day.
People who have a cat from a young age are less likely to develop asthma: Denmark research team announcement.
Amazon's Limited Sale is starting!
I happened to see someone wearing an Anello rucksack so I started this thread.
Idol group closely associated with Mito City dissolves! Was the cause "sexual harassment and coercion to drink" for underage members? In a 5 year period 23 members left the group. Mito → Natto → closely associated (lit. sticky)
Mr Kan, I must assert that it is 'rewriting', not 'tampering'.
The people who are most absorbed in investing in Bitcoin in the world are Japanese men in their 30s and 40s.
World notebook: US Army, admits that war dog who took part on the battlefield and then returned home was treated improperly. For most countries war dogs have a higher rank than the solders who use them. In the Japanese Defense Force the ranks are like that. (Usually about two ranks.)
It is the worst Japanese in the world.
Who could have imagined that fate could have gotten this popular?
Koji Seto's look in women's clothings received rave reviews such as 「This is too cute」「This is a revolution」I can't open。 。。
Supporting Jakuchō Seto, a playful 29 year old secretary shows off her underwear to the waking Seto, saying "It's cure, isn't it?"
Adult ceremony trouble, Where is the president of  "Harenohi" ...  Piece sign does not fit into this huge face.
Government, considers "alcohol avoidance tax".
Government plan: Asahi Shimbun Digital.
Voice actress Shimoda Asami announcing wedding.
Voice acting unit "Project MILKY HOLMES" dissolves.
Voice actress Harada Hitomi.
Nishiuchi Mairya is cute.
Seino Transportation.
Nishino Kana is scary.
Ishiba: "Let's get rid of trickle down policy, make the new economic policy reduce personal income tax and increase corporate taxes."
Kawakami Nobuo: Representative director president CTO → Board member CTO. Is that a demotion?
Enon Kawatani: "What's sick is the world, not the tabloids."
If it were an iPhone I would open it with a clip.
Maehara Seiji "Last night I dined with Stephen K. Bannon, who is visiting Japan. I was deeply impressed how stoic he is, not drinking or playing golf for the sake of work, and also at his wonderful eloquence. Thank you very much for the meaningful time." Maehara x Bannon
Maekawa to Prime Minister Abe "If you're able to escape, I will doubt democracy"  He's already escaped, and I'm sorry to say that he wasn't given any damage at all
Former Secretary of the Ministry of Education, Science and Administration, Kihei Maekawa, warns of "morality" curriculum  "A nationalist political ideological way of thinking is likely to 'divide' children"  Are you trying to strengthen morality by turning it into a curriculum?
"Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection International" which contains 12 titles collected and will be released domestically. I'll laugh if it's more expensive
I bought a fully automatic espresso maker.
Sumo director election.
Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications "Focusing on the younger generation, growth in income is being moved into savings".
"Horrible bug" in macOS High Sierra, login possible without password. Popular as a laptop PC among tech students and programmers (experience share goes from 30% to 40%).
What kind of person was Son Goku?
There's no one like her even in Taimanin!
Typhoon number 2 "Samba" occurred.
Taiwan, US airport image in passports, incorrectly printed, to be destroyed. The person who discovered it must really be into airports. I'll follow them.
A flight had to return to Taiwan Airport.
The major aggregator site, 「オレ的ゲーム速報」(My game news flash), has their twitter account frozen. We did it!
I tried registering with pairs.
Kyushu Sumo Tournament.
I'm doing pubg....
Thinking about a single track two car Shinkansen makes my heart race.
Kissing male students and sending "hug me" on LINE disciplinary offense charged to a female teacher in their 40s. Why was the action of a female teacher chosen as a title? Men teachers are more disciplined by 2: 1 ratio
Revived in Iinomorwi District in Oga.
Earth is wonderful!
The District Prosecutor:  Possibility of expanding the investigation into 'Abe's mates'.
If a Chinese Communist newspaper does it they get praised.
Testing the facial recognition system in the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region, China. The authorities are warned if anyone goes more than 300m from the designated area.  "So jealous".
China's "pedestrian first movement" has been strengthend.
Are there no AV porn stars in China?
Harimoto is No.1 even at studies,  "1.Health, 2. Studies" How about Table Tennis? Amazing. Health is number 1, right? Health is important.
I awake in the morning to find Mami sleeping on top of me.
Win10 is crap.
Toray, quality data falsification.
Snow is even covering the 23 wards of Tokyo, huh?
The Tokyo Olympic Mascot has been decided!
The prize money for the Tokyo Olympics mascot is 1 million yen (tax included).
An investigation company representative prosecuted for alleged infringements during the Tokyo Olympic bid.
It is estimated that 48% of Tokyo residents suffer from cedar pollen allergies.
Mr. Hideo Higashikokihara revealed.
Toshiba's "reliability and security" sharply drop in 3 years.
I'm boycotting Toshiba.
Tokyo Electric Power Company, to restart commercials in the capital within the year.
Toden: Okay, workers will rotate in 5 minutes.
It's like the one Fujii had
Repelling a charging boar with a hammer.  Gifu Kani TIL: The brave warrior is in Gifu.
Those souther Kyūshū volcanoes and calderas are hot!
Southern hemisphere's Sydney, Australia records record temperature of 47.3 degrees Celsius.
Is it okay if Bank of Japan president Kuroda is reappointed?
Nikkei Average sees drop in excess of 1100 yen. A drop on the level of the largest ever seen for the New York Stock Exchange. Amazing, hilarious.
Nissan develops technology that reads the driver's mind and reduces reaction time.
Japan might pick it up.
This even effects Japan, LOL.
I returned to Japan....
Japan has four seasons so you expect snow in winter.
Japanese mobile game Travel Frog becomes an unexpected hit in China.
Concern over poverty rates among children in Japan.
All over Japan, sightings of a "fireball" happen one after the other. Half of this is Abe's fault.
Japanese input's "ATOK"'s newest version only allows a "monthly charge system." The outright purchasing version has ended. Outright purchase is fine but a monthly charge is scary so I'll stop using it.
Japan's been done...
Why does "the seriousness of falsification of official documents" not make any sense for Japanese people? This confusion that lurks in the "darkness" of this country is because in Japan, we have the ancient history and legends "the Kojiki and the Nihonshoki"....that's what I think
The Japanese government says if take a Casino's entrance fee of 2,000 yen, you can prevent gambling addiction, which is false.
Well, after all, you can pick  up Japanese geography playing Momotaru Dentetsu.
The Japanese Islands has a dusky color to it.
Sunday is game day! Let's all chat together! We had two or three discussions about Xenoblade Chronicles and each one was a little bit different... The results are a secret
The key issue is Skype, right?
Drifting with a cat for 7 months, a Polish man was saved in the Indian Ocean.
It's the end of the year so let's take a Mensa IQ test.
The deadline for MRJ was 7 years ago. They accelerated the speed of development with 8 planes, 3 of which are extra test ones. Abe Mario would be jumping from MRJ at the opening ceremony with a skydiver.
I hadn't seen Baruto recently so I thought he might have gone back to his home country, but I was surprised to learn he was still in Japan.
It's not Mongolians that should be excluded, but the custom of forgiveness even when a head a crushed (and of course match fixing).
I'm going to Umeda.
White person "I am white". Black person "I am black". In Asia there is white, black, and yellow.
I heard that Mr. Hakuho angered everyone in Japan by coming on stage with a jersey that said "Team Mongolia." There it is! The pretension of the Japan Sumo Association.
You lose if you make it look bad even if the rule says it's legal, just like Hakuho's forearm strike.
I wonder if the source of this is the Minister's secretary  Imai Takaya?
Announcement by FOST Awards, which are given for "research using games to contribute to society".
Yume Nikki, now remade 14 years after its original release. The appeal of its worldview, so uncertain and full of mystery. Yume Nikki is actually quite compact. Now it's grown into a massive scope.
What is a "Peyoung bowl"?
Hamabe Minami is a "compulsive gambler"! "Kakegurui – Compulsive Gambler" being made into a live action TV drama! Main cast set! It kind of bugs me how in the title the "賭" isn't the only part not written in katakana.
"Is Ms Akie hiding?" It is expected that the Ministry of Finance's "legal consultation book" will be made available to the mass public. That'd be nice, I'd like get acquainted with Ms. Akie and get that pass to use tax money as much as I wanted. That'd be quite the quality wallet, wouldn't it?
It's Fukuoka so they probably retaliate with firearms and grenades (impressions covered in prejudice common on the net)
Wada Masamune's question that sparked a controversy, appears to have been removed form the official record.
The "US and Japan vs. North and South Korea" battle has begun in Pyeongchang.
"Ballistic missile" warning in Hawaii.
An old man that says US stocks will triple: "US stocks will triple."
An American woman wishes to marry Tetris.
US Department of Defense announcement, will be practical withing 5 years (DARPA).
Senior US administration objection  "Trump exposition documents have many lies" That objection sounds false
US Army radio AFN stops broadcasting during US government shutdown.
Bento shop "Following twitter's plan, we started selling tonkatsu for 1 yen, but it hurts us because everyone only buys tonkatsu"  If you pay with a 10,000 yen bill, you can get 9999 yen back as change!
The Rumoi Harbour lighthouse in Hokkaido has completely collapsed.↑   The foundation.
It is the song “Amazing Grace” which I led and arranged for guitar use.
The reason why I don't criticize cartoon village.
My automatic bitcoin selling BOT is trying hard.
Today's Poptepipic.
In this thread: guess who will be today's Pop Team Epic voice actor.
My image of her is still that of 蔦吉姐.
Tomorrow I'm going to try to unpack Gneisenau.
Isn't that Yagami Light?
Advance notice: I might have a viewing party for Tokyo Godfather on the 24th (Sun).
There's no such thing as an unnecessary thing~. The three great ASKA in my heart. There's no such thing as an unnecessary thing~. Right now I'm going to, right now I'm going to, go punch that guy~.
"Niconico (ku)" presentation, how did the local reporter see it?
An order of 1,500 eggs for the Norway team was mistakenly translated to 15,000  These errors happen sometimes, but it's weird that the person who received the order didn't notice that it was weird
Maybe Wada was supervising him behind the curtains?
This is the kind of thing that would make Takashi Tachibana swoon.
Edano's take on constitutionalism: "I believe this is a time to proceed in a logical manner.
"He (suspect Kawabata) drove almost everyday to the welfare center to meet a woman."
As expected from Russia.
The green one is way too disliked.
For example, like the fuel consumption for Mitsubishi being inaccurate.
Withdraws from Twitter after attacks by scornful right winger Nakagawa Junichiro and other normal Japanese citizens.
I think the MOD also understands the preciousness of the frame but...
The defendant Kagoike is forced to auction off his house.
Former judge raises questions about overly long confinement of Kagoike couple.
"Huh, you don't have a PS4?
Medicine prices will be reduced if you bring your "Medicine Notebook."
Please take a look at the bento box that won on a survey over "Beast Friends."
First new "Zoids" series in 12 years!
"Zoids Wild" anime set to debut in the summer of 2018.
It's not like you can just do whatever you want just because of the "Nobel peace prize", right?
"Resign Prime Minister Abe. Do you not suffer from a guilty conscience?" Liberal Democratic Party's Diet member Seiichiro Murakami's straight talk. Why is he in the LDP?
"Kantai Collection" official Twitter, discloses that even after the freeze was lifted DMCA false reports continue.
"KanColle" official Twitter freezes.
We ask the creator of the word, 「吉野家コピペ」17 years after its creation. I thought it was 2chan's Copy+Paste
"Gapan" has been founded  Well, I don't hate novels, but I wouldn't say I like them either
"Kōhaku" second half's ratings.
"I want to be a woman." Feeling at ease when coming out. Aaa~Nonono! (Toshiyuki Nishida)
Elementary and Middle school students chose these as the kanji character of 2017: 5th graders "love", 6th graders "love", 7th graders "love"  Foreigners like to have that kanji tattooed on them. You can see "love" a lot in America.
Are「Showa」dating techniques effective in 「Heisei」 too? Tried to inspect a dating manual | Life style | LEON.JP  Speaking of which, Abe's dinner reception was at a hotel. Oh...
「The world's beauties」 6 year old Russian shakes up American social media.
"Strongest sexual desire." "Fine without drinking water their entire life." Surprising ecology about animals that is unknown. Due to development of the dessert in North Central America destroying its habitat, the kangaroo rat is in danger of extinction. (´・ω・｀)
The hotel owner became extremely angry at customers that say, “I will advertise for you so give me a free room.”  The hotel owner therefore announced that all YouTubers are banned from the hotel.
A sense of reality as the "Nikkeo Average drops to 12000 yen".
"Roughly 16% of Japanese children are in a serious situation."
"Too beautiful city councilor" Social Democratic Party member Satou Azusa.
The deep implications behind why Aya Sugimoto says you should "have sex before dating someone."
Almost all of them knocked down by "Pyeongchang wind gust", critical voices.
'The pub on week days, golf on weekends'  The end of the road for the good company worker? I didn't feel like going out today.  Six issues of Girls' Last Journey have arrived.  I cried over the stories.
"Future mothers" sharply decline in Japan.
Appearing together on "Akashiya Kouhaku"!
2017 New Year's specials. NHK "Kouhaku". Nippon TV "Gaki no Tsukai". TV Tokyo "Kodoku No Gurume". This is just my opinion, but those who hold TV Tokyo in high regard seems to be the same people who like Kouhaku, so it might be a fierce competition. Ah, with the anime block I guess there's no support this year.
"Sontaku" "Bitcoin" etc.
“EVE Online” had an outbreak of the largest competition ever on the game with a 1,000,000 dollar ship fleet and more than 6,000 people in attendance. Please hurry up and post instructions and a video.
Free! [Turbo Plug DX]  There will be a free broadcast until March 16th at 9am Pacific Time. Japan time: approx. 02:00, Sat. 17 March.
"This is the shameful 'Abe Guard' of the world!"
"Animal Crossing Pocket Camp" achieved the top download game around the world, although they are struggling with sales. I didn't know that Animal Crossing was popular overseas.
"Kizuna AI's BEAT Scramble" will be broadcast on BS Nippon TV starting in April!
"Shinzo."
Sword Art Online: Fatal Bullet released overseas. Many interested in whether they will mention the abysmal quality while not denigrating fans of the original. This one is gonna be tough to write a review for, eh?
"Approve Kakei Gakuen."
【1.5 trillion yen】 It is decided to fully guarantee the debt will be paid off with Japanese tax money if Japanese exports to the UK of nuclear power plants fail It will end with decommissioning work ...
[BF1] This is also the work of that Shinkaiseikan group. Today I learned; A battleship can be sunk by a machine gun.
Supercomputer company boss arrested  In reality, the AI foundation was just the home of Noriyuki Yamaguchi's parents Japanese Singularity (lol)
[Tether doubts] Bitcoin price rises immediately after issuance of new USDT  Anonymous report indicates possibility of market manipulation  I didn't understand the reason for tether's existence in the first place  Is it a scam after all?
[Kyoko Shimbun] (Fake News Shimbun) Investigation into switching official document records over to clay tablets.
Breaking: a picture scroll depicting ancient rape parties from 2,000 years ago discovered in Venezuela!
Shocking: Yukari Tamura is presently in a bad state.
[High class private individual] Lady Akie is absorbed into the drinking party. Public officials and private individuals mingle together at the year end party held at the public residence of the prime minister. I was thinking to myself, “Is this a television drama or a manga?...What?...This is real?!”
[Movie] Huge goat at Christmas, what is the fate of this year?
Sad news: School Live live action film announced.
[Sad News] Kirara Fantasia is still under emergency maintenance.
Tragic news: Yui Aragaki is a reader of digest blogs.
Good News: I pooped ( `･ω･´ )  Poopman
＜Earthquake＞ Wireless disaster prevention transmission.
In the 80's people just used to stare at the driver and aggrresively start crossing the crosswalk in Bangkok.
AMD share prices rose sharply, at one stage reaching 8.4%, due to the report of defective Intel products.
ENEROID’, the device that can recharge 20 batteries successively, comes with a clock and USB ports. Wow... I think this might be what I wanted, but look at the price.
Setagaya ward has created a law against the discrimination of LGBT and foreign people. Honestly, the fact that it wasn't banned already is a little shocking.
Childhood prostitution via LINE?
NEC to Cut Another 3,000 Jobs in Japan Next Year: Late Start to Overseas Expansion. Yep, they're getting rid of the old guys that they have no use for. They talk about overseas expansion, but are there going to be any good employees who would want to fly abroad for the kind of wage NEC pays?
Public acknowledgement by WHO.
Search 'GAPE' on xv*ideo and a bunch will come up.
Oh, Kobayashi Pharmaceuticals
Ahh that's right, there's "Nanako".
22nd, Tokyo Stock Exchange Morning Market, Nikkei Index continues to rise, yen strong up to 173, result of intervention? This might turn into a period of strong yen and high stock prices.
I'll go to Atami.
The Awara hot spring cancellation surpasses 11,000 people.
I like Anzu.
How much is a cerlian's egg?
I do know that it's related to the Pyeongchang Olympics...
No, the Incompetent Traitors Party.
A senior female lion has started getting "maned."
Is skin savior "collagen" not effective when eaten?
When there aren't any clear benefits like GOG’s DRM free, nobody wants to increase DRMs.
A picture of a festival I took myself on the PC
I remember it was a bit troublesome installing SE
Places like official UBI store, Steam, and possibly Epic store where they sell in JPY have GEO pricing where it's about 3000yen more expensive compared to USD, so even with discount, it's still expensive.
I want to make a new version of ARK (DLC)...
Z for xxZ has the same meaning as UTC
I am a girl in high school and my dad said that share prices are 3 times that of when some anti-Japan party called the Democratic party? was in power.
I seriously think this could be influenced by Japanese adult videos.
Come on, anti-Japan dudes would be put to sleep eternally.
If there was still Kochira Kameari Hashutsujo series going on
You can only find out what happened there by looking at holograms, devices or documents.
Isn't that Santa just Moguro Fukuzo?
Isn't that WRC(World Rally Championship)?
People talk about these often but in actuality, not having NPC is the worst.
I waited for a DM but turns out it was already sold out about 4 hours ago #
Why don't they catch the people from TEPCO and Toshiba?
First of all, it’s weird that DM still exists.
Of course, there are also a number of other things to consider: With the launch of Epic Store, you have the opportunity to be at the forefront of ¥what could be the second biggest store on PC.
They are in a lower caste than anime nerds
The super robots should learn from this!
There might be a demand for the households that do not own smartphones or ones who don't know how to use them.
Is it because of the Fortnite effect?
Lots of fights at Mcdonald's huh?
Minami Wachi from the "Young Magazine" looks lovely
Last boss “I am the collective consciousness of humanity”
It's dumb to say that immigrants are going to allow the minimum wage to become fixed. If that's the case, then dispatch type of jobs and the working poor could be the reason as well.  Are they going to kick them out too?
It's like seeing a no-guarded fistfight between dlsite and DMM some time ago
I bought it too because it was a valve game, but then it looks hard and time-consuming so I might not play it.
There are 4 posts related to this that include exp lol
There are so many fake apps to block ads!
I heard 2 was a cult favorite as a fighting game, was it?
Other highschooler “You have flu? Go home”
I'm not sure if I can set up a mixer for you.
National policy of increasing convenience stores.
Anime and TV dramas these days are full of opportunism so who cares
Recommended in 5ch
Holding hands is NSFW.
I bet welfare will be uniformly at its lowest
When I was installing Origin a while ago, the update took forever and I almost went bananas
It used to be CD2WAV32 but ended up with a QMP after searching for something I could use Gracenote with
When it comes to collective consciousness type last boss vs sound reasoning type main character, I usually agree with the last boss and that troubles me
Drawing lots at candy stores ↓ Physical gachapon like supercar, Muscle Man erasers↓ Virtual Gachapon in social-network games
That's a plain update though
They are raising prices and such on electronic versions   D company is really tight on your DRM
I understand the intention of Tamaki who wants to compensate for the lack of visibility of his party, but as a citizen,  I bet it makes more sense to just vote for LDP if you like them, or vote for the biggest opposition party (The Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan) if you don't
Russo-Japanese diplomacy on a red light confirmed
I think it shows some essential problems that Neoliberal Takenaka doesn’t like the fact students protest using signs and fliers and organize among themselves.
It’s obvious this is photoshopped
What does it mean that "paying for phone games weakens smartphone addiction"?
Why don't you update Aikatsu's music game to the new version.
It's the affiliate's boss.
There are 5 totally different reasons for the Iran demonstrations.
A British design studio created a beautiful History of Alternative Music poster that is in the form of an electrical circuit diagram.
If you cross over to SINoALICE set up a thread.
Apparently, high level knowledge of anime was tested on the National Center Test for University Admissions.
“Do not buy it expensive.” There are surprise and praise in the advertisements of the popular sake Dassai. The company president says, “I really don’t want to place any advertisements. Sell it directly.”
There are signs that the item I ordered online has already been opened... If it was you, what would you do?  You again? It is going to break.
I'm irritated so I'm going to drink a Strong Zero and play that game with the guy in the pot.
Just looking at the literature, the testimony and efforts of various people are not ordinary.
The difference is that live2d is not labeled as DLC in the domestic version.
Some smartphones receive erroneous emergency alerts. Fire Department denies having sent them. My ASUS device didn't get any. Is this limited to Kanto area users?
[News flash] Power words like "around forty angel" trademarked.
[News Flash] Anime is Real.
[News Flash] Kitaro of the Graveyard's catgirl is getting an update  Time for another catgirl thread  (ﾊﾞﾊﾞﾊﾞﾊﾞ
An evolving survival game.
It's cheap how the explanatory videos and screenshots don't show the UI.
Identified by former US ambassador Sasae Kenichiro before retirement.
I gave up and had to punch it in.
Even under the second Abe cabinet, in which the poverty rate improved, up until 2013 / 2014 regular employment decreased while irregular employment increased, you know?
Vegetables' prices keep going up, and napa cabbages are valued at 2 times more than usual prices. ?? "The economy is doing well, it's a sign that deflation is starting to end."
Agreement for coalition government, forces back Liberal Democratic Party.
It made me remember the article about "searching for analog telephone lines in order to connect to online communications."
The instant food commercial is pretty funny.
February 16th large scale demonstration.
The name "Gorgonzola cheese", following a joint economic agreement between Japan and the EU, will only be allowed to be used for cheese produced in Italy.
"Gorgonzola style" and other vague expressions also not allowed.
[Emergency Film Chat thread! ! ] Today Star Wars: The Last Jedi is showing!
[Historical battle] Liberal Democratic Party "A special committee tasked with restoring Japan's honor and trustworthiness." To be held next week. Accepting the comfort women statue in San Francisco - Sankei News.
Microsoft acts fast as soon as they know it is not going to make money
Monthly income of 200,000 yen for 24 hour 365 day individual care, sexual harassment a daily occurrence.
What a futuristic and good thread title
Did they give in following the spectacular failure of 2 and Magical Days?
Shimajiro had a character like that
Why are people so condescending in the Yahoo comments section?
> You should know that Yahoo Comment's comments don't express the general opinion of the readers.
A friend working at Mizuho bank was making over 10,000,000 yen every year at 30 years old.
It's not like it's the era of "companies (organizations) reacting to online rumors hahahaha".
At this point calling it Bank of Japan-nomics would correctly express the present state.
The idea of settling things with horsepower, like an American car.
This was no time to be fooling with a smartphone.
Is there any meaning for creating the thread
And I haven't even beaten Xenoblade 2 or Zelda yet, oh man.
Looks like something from a Daft Punk music video
After being made to wait for three days for an item I ordered on the Amazon Marketplace, they cancelled the order by themselves without contacting me at all.
The German far right political party Alternative for Germany (AFD), has exceed the approval rating of Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD), and is now in second place=public opinion
Docomo’s overseas package deal is 1980yen/day for unlimited calls and 24MB of data. For unlimited data, 2980 yen.
The members of the BPO need to be inspected.
Online right wingers "It's working, it's working haha".
Please make the default no narration, no sound effects, and no background music.
It's a rival to Magireko, but Magireko lost and now it's Yamuchapoji...
Baldness can be cured by eating McDonald's french fries
There weren't many commercials.
Sounds like light novel
If the Aso Caldera erupts, it could destroy the entirety of Kyushu, so it doesn't really matter what happens to one or two power stations.
What's bad is Abe's response and the Yomiuri reporting.
Ikata Nuclear Power Plant Operation Suspended -" Pyroclastic flow may reach the reactor" - An injunction for the 3rd reactor from the Hiroshima High Court.
On KanColle as seen by retirees:
I think there's a term like "warship advocacy" in KanColle????
I think it is just a publicity stunt to gain favor from some individuals, or rather from some online right wingers.
Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare aims for change in image of caregiving occupation.
"You can buy 'Getting Over It' for 20% off right now!!!!"
Watching it now, I realized it wasn’t the breeder reactor, but the pressured water reactor that was written.
Recently NESiCA machines have been doing a lot of emulation.
Supreme court decision ignored. Abe administration does not release "government secretary secret funds document".
If you have a kid, put them in concrete and send them to Mercari
YouTuber starts screaming, and gets kicked out due to obstruction against the players All Australian OPEN
The most cases of child prostitution in history. Solicited via smartphones and games. Niigata.
Japan Self Defense Force's PR anime, "High School Fleet," has finally become a social network game!!!
I have not forgiven Kanken yet
Liberal Democratic Party, holds meeting to discuss comfort women statue in San Fransisco. "It is important that the positions of Japan's government and people are given a voice."
Reddit question thread and discussion thread for beginners (Question & Discussion) December, 2017
Prime minister, critical of Asahi article "They are publishing without evidence".
The Prime Minister's desire for progress with the Northern Territories Dispute   Russia: "We'll never give them back!"
Has been dating popular voice actress Mimori Suzuko for five months (Tokyo Sports Web).
Guys also wearing bras.
Locals "How is it?! The true taste of the ingredients is good, isn't it?!"
It is curious how the media doesn't explain exactly what is the difference between Japan and the US and countries like China and Russia, even though the answer is right there.
P.S: also the one who dropped white powder in front of the police officer
A testimony of sexual and workplace harassment during Achū's time at Dentsu.
Historical drought in Southern Europe = fear of a lack of nuclear power plant coolant water
M7.3 earthquake in South American Peru • r/quake_jp
I was saying that I'm buying too much, but I ended up buying Bayonetta anyway.
US Armed Forces fail in an experiment to intercept missile. Japan-America development's new model, SM3 = American authority. Reuters
Kyoto University Professor Mochizuki.
They are having Finance Minister Aso take direction of the Moritomo problem investigation = Chief Cabinet Secretary
He's always breaking Final Fantasy 6, isn't he.
It's a VR sound game.
This is clever stealth marketing.
I want Windows 10 PCs with 4GB to not be sold.
I took the opportunity to draw the nation's nuclear power plants.
They've had an account for a while now but it was an official account that wasn't verified and kept blocking users.
That's why the child raising generation must, even online, live in the light.
Quietly unsubscribing from DMM and playing Azur Lane.
It's fun to be lazy~, HP is
The guy who built a 90s style replica PC on /r/battlestations is amazing.
ADATA 480 GB SSD 14,800 yen mac mini assembled with SSD was comfortable. I cannot go back to HDD anymore
ADSL will be completed in 2023 and I order for an illegal construction
NanJ Anime Song regular meeting in Cytube  No, they are 2chan's NanJ people and not Reddit's NanJ people.
Online game addict appearing on Nehorinpahorin "Being a bottler takes a lot of time and is inefficient" Today I learned
I yelled, “Aaaaaaahhhhh!!!!  I don’t want to go to work.... I am too depressed and I took a noon nap...” LLL says, “Let’s play Get Freedom.” I reply, “LLL?!” If you bully Anzu, you will get domestic violence in return.
And it goes without saying that taking extra maternity leave is a serious crime.
Momokuro happily introduces themselves by saying, "The most impressive thing is that by going from 5 people's names to 4, it's become 'Reni, Kanako, Shiori, Sasaki Ayaka'".
Finally it's bouncing back on the MBS net.
It probably would have been easier to look at 5ch.
Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag Free   Our UBI
Because there's nothing to do, I looked up various things about Tobita Shinchi and became motivated to go, but going alone is scary  It's far
If you think about it, 10 years ago almost nobody had a smartphone, but now smartphones are a necessity in life.
It is famous for BW etc., but can Japanese people work as mercenary soldiers?
They're going to make more photoshopped images.
Apple corporation plans to integrate the iOS and Mac apps in 2018. It appears neither of them will work.  If it is based on the number of terminals on which the OS operates, it seems that it will be about 100 times different? Or even 1000 times?
Anime of the Year 2017 BLAME and ACCA and Made in Abyss and Kemono Friends and Land of the Lustrous. There are actually a decent number of them that I like.
The time limit of "Japan/China" turnaround in the anime industry.
It seems that the influence of right wingers is icreasing in the world of American furries  Seriously, Anyamaru Tantei Kiruminzuu is the absolute worst
It would be interesting if Alibaba releases AI speakers.
Proof that alcohol causes irreversible damage to stem cell DNA.
Greatest aircraft carrier in English history, repair for flooding discovered immediately after it was commissioned.
800,000 instagram followers.
Is the influenza epidemic due to "men who won't take a break even when they are sick"? I think it won't go away unless you make it so both *not letting them take a break is punishable* and them not taking a break is punishable.
I bought a turmeric supplement online.
Character voice done by Hidaka Noriko
Girls channel shows mass posting of "unpleasant G image" , The commitee decided the legal action to the users.
GIRLS und PANZER's characters are all cute.
I painted GarPan's proverbs and black tea person  I get the feeling the whole budget was blown on FX
The overseas skin care commercial in which 0 to 100 year old females appear.
Miss Kitty, collaborating on preposterous things.
It's the Christmas Eve. I'll summon mahosho who is everyone's girlfriend! \\vwon/ Mahosho is my pet.
The grotesque scenes are blacked out with inks in this manga. I can't even follow. Give me back my money.
Grotesque warning.
I lied for a game and I got Get Freedom. I'm playing Monster Hunter right now but it's fun.
A mod to turn Doom into a Super Famicom style medieval fantasy game, GMOTA's major update announcement trailer now available  Wonderfully done
1 BTC = 6,366.2 USD.  Once it gets to USD10 I will buy.
I thought the article meant they hit him with their phones!
Smartphone storage finally reaches 512GB, Samsung begins production of "512GB eUFS," the world's first 512GB flash storage for smartphones  Hurry up and lower the price
For the smartphone generation "typing Japanese on a keyboard via romaji is tough."
Even when typing on a smartphone Japan is on its own. "While foreigners quickly type in a way that's almost like painting with a brush, Japanese people awkwardly flick up down left right and it's really lame." Godan is God.
The shocking truth behind "real activities with friends sharply declining" 10 years after smartphones became popular.
Use FLMASK.
Social game ... thing..., ah... (guess)  Wrong  Is it Magical Karin?  Are you expecting something?
Dyson's EV, available in Japan to become the first in the world.
The reason why TV stations have more dramas despite the lowering viewership of drama series: of course it's the revival of loving cats
Business opportunity of recovering digital cameras in the age of instagram, Shipment volume increased for the first time in 7 years, it must be a lie...
Digital mini comic "ZARTAN" #11 complete.
Fearing larger demonstrations, police close neighboring station to National Diet Building. As for the demonstration, it's like a scene where people say, "Native Tokyoite! Idiot!"
Nuclear power expenses in Turkey, double what was expected.
HTC NIPPON, with 20,000 followers selling the HTC U11 Solar Red SIM free. But I already bought the U11 Blue...
The real world is becoming like the internet.
Online voting begins.
Doing stuff like taking no damage and time attacks are way too impossible.
That Valentine's chocolate looks expensive.
It's an absolutely brutal environment unless the government passes a bill that allows you to demand the company that they pay you a lifetime worth salary when you quit (rather forced to quit) because of the power harassment.
56 analog model for IP network landline phones is now on sale.
No 1 app for bit coin trading.
A thread to build a pyramid.
Family Mart is entering the coin laundry business.
Family Mart has launched "Flattering Lunch Box" on a limited number.
Former White House Chief Strategist Bannon also labeled NHK as fake news. He commented at a news conference, “It is, without a doubt, Japan’s CNN.” Japan’s right wing responsed by saying, “Bannon is an honorable Japanese person!”
I'm just looking forward to the anime block on Fuji.
Pretty Cure defeats Rasubosu in an average of 15 minutes 50 seconds.
The reasons behind professional go players.
A vending machine that provides food to homeless people 24/7 has been installed in England.
I played Pokémon Safari the most.
It seems like the Pop Team Epic anime has begun.
The Millers Ranking starts with Magireko, but for ease of getting payment, a D rank would seem to be best.
Give People's Honor Awards for people who get new records in Mario RTA
Whether you request moderation or whatever you do, I think the frame shouldn't be used for business purposes but should be used as an event opening frame (I personally think that the moderation request thread and the monthly discussion thread are unnecessary).
Moderation request thread, no longer a sticky.
Mon hamburger woman "Please tie" Why flirting?
Monster Hunter is fun.
Monster Hunter's fun four panel comic.
Monster Hunter girl "Please tie it"  That's right, that's right
Ripple stock price continues to fall, can the argument that the XRP token in the cooperation with MoneyGram is unnecessary be dispelled?
Rainbow Six Siege in LLL! It is scheduled to start around 9:30 ... Oh was it PC? I have PS4 ...
I liked his wresting series so I'm sad.
Russia: "(If you have been prescribed it) you can bring cocaine, marijuana, and heroin into the World Cup stadium."
This is, after all, Abe’s mass media.
Abe Cabinet, craziness of 60% members come from the politician family... 14% decrease of the national income in the past 15 years, twice more for the household with zero asset There is no meaning sinceTokyo university is basicary inherited system
Italy's Bitgrail loses around 20 billion yen's worth of Nano (XRB). Some suspect company absconding with the funds. Wow, cryptocurrency is the stuff of your dreams (monotone). Stealing ten percent of the issued currency wouldn't be possible with real currency.
Asahi Shinbun wins the law suit in the second trial concerning the comfort women. In the first case before the Tokyo High court, there were 2557  plaintiffs, 62 of whom appealed.     These must have been the wealthy ones.
It's an LLL matchmaking boom.
Former Minister of Defense Inada "Since the previous election the number of votes has increased by 114, so the purification following the scandals and verbal gaffes is complete, and it's time to press forward with constitutional reform!!" For baseball it's the Giants! For TV it's NHK! For elections it's the Liberal Democratic Party! Hahaha!
A retiree's view of "KanColle".
British boy.
Because MOD is incompetent.
Okinawa Prefectural Police "The more we clamp down the more there are."
I'm making a thread!
It seems like my smartphone got a virus.
The bad environment around nursing care... 24 hour 365 day individual care for a monthly income of 200,000 yen, sexual harassment an everyday occurrence.
I think overseas, you can't use the DLC of some copyrighted characters.
I'm from a foreign country, so please excuse me, but why is it that tweets from the opposition party about the Moritomo scandal are always covered with replies by professional patriots?
"Convenience stores also" make business requests for foreign technical trainees.
Introduction of vehicle specifically for foreign ministers = Kawanoshi "Cannot wait at the airport at night".
Clubs will disappear from school?
The official residence starts "Instagram."
I put together 2 basic characters, and output everything between them.
The Japanese language version of the free shooter “Fortnite Battle Royale” was released. Knives Out is a very convenient game to play on the smartphone.
On the train home, a schoolgirl came and sat next to me.
So this is the sound game that Musashi Miyamoto is a huge fan of.
The pay is way better.
Kyoto University research.
The communist party is aiming to magnify their political strength through social networking services.
It's not extreme but I am poor.
I thought it was Kinniku Shojo Tai!
What's your best comment on domestic violence?
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry begins consideration of "flying cars". Debate over manufacturing industry's direction. This is Kyoko Shimbun right? Wait, what are they saying for real? Why isn't this Kyoko Shimbun!
Federation of Economic Organizations going mad.
PS3 "Demons Soul" On 17th February 28, 2018, online service terminated.
I bought a PS4 and VR.
Seems like he likes nuclear power plants.
Says to nuclear accident evacuees, "How about being independent?"
The scooter might be broken.
So they're obsessed with Travel Frog, while we're into Azur Lane, huh?
It's because there's kind of a trend where turning down Kouhaku makes you more respected.
Its a nightmare being snared by the 'netouyo', the conspiracy touting network bloggers.
UN, new organization to reduce plastic garbage in oceans, look into countermeasures and alternatives. Won't you please do something about the tendency for putting even the most trivial things in plastic bags? I get worn out saying I don't need one every single time.
The United Nations Special reporters warns about serious poverty in the US It seems that the US needs a revolution soon
I guess nowadays that would probably be Minecraft.
Now it is plastic, light, and cheap, and for what it costs to repair you can just buy a new cheap one.
The English Proficiency Test is today...
Upper House Budget Committee.
It made me remember the copy and paste about putting hydrofluoric acid on teeth.
Sometimes Bunshu writes sontaku articles that pander to superiors too.
The "Self Defense Force Best Body 2018" event will be held to determine the most beautiful macho body in the Self Defense Force! Feast your eyes on the strong muscles of members from the ground, sea, and air units ♡ Ground boiler technical officers and such have tons of free time, so if they devote themselves to lifting weights they should win in a landslide, right?
Mr. Santou of the Liberal Democratic Party says, “the Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare commends women that give birth to more than four children.”  Let’s choose what we want. What is this guy saying? He is a nut job. No, that is not true.
Liberal Democratic Party Diet members, resolution adopted to stop taxes for using golf resorts. It truly is only the upper class that gets tax breaks.
Uhm, actually, it looks like there's probably a ton of child porn saved on there.
In IT, even if a company isn't black, there are a ton of people who change jobs because they're thinking about their career or want higher pay.
There was someone who used throwaway accounts to post things like that.
Young people and people in their 30s "Abe, go for it! Abe, go for it! The work revolution and the Moritomo Problem are good!" This thread title makes me laugh.
What is this subreddit about?  This thread is created once in a while.
Apparently there are netizens overseas who are feeling indebted for not donating to Wikipedia (Wikipedia). "I can't sleep at night because I feel guilty..." and such. You can make NSR in Rocket News. I thought it was blocked.
Dressed in girl's clothes and doing anal masturbation, Kusashon returns home.
I wrote a novel. Part 2. LLL isn't NewSoku.
The Koike Tokyo administration's invoice... General contractors are fighting over terms using the Tokyo Olympics as a "hostage".Even with the Tsukiji, Toyosu issues, Koike is an undercover agent for general contractors  LOL.
There are lots of them, but set up screens without control panels are useless.
The new Reddit application seems to be slow, but what is it compared to another ones, it's better than 0ch, 2ch, 4ch, 5ch.
I ended up buying a new smartphone...... how sad
Outcry over a popular model who posted an "obscene video" to Instagram!
Idol group closely associated with Mito City dissolves! Was the cause "sexual harassment and coercion to drink" for underage members? In a 5 year period 23 members left the group. Mito → Natto → closely associated (lit. sticky)
Let's fire politicians and government officials and introduce AI.
The truth behind her "removal" during the New Year's special.
"Getting drunk on canned alcohol" in order to save money? A wave of a third type of beer with "high alcohol content"  goes on sale. When calculated, it's about the same amount of alcohol/price as shochu (Otsu type). In actuality it's not that cost effective.
Perhaps there was no template.
Is it a problem for adults to watch anime intended for young girls?
Maybe we will see the Taisei commercial
The District Prosecutor:  Possibility of expanding the investigation into 'Abe's mates'.
If a Chinese Communist newspaper does it they get praised.
Are there no AV porn stars in China?
Chinese super computer "天河三号" could reach the top spot if Japan bickers over the arrest of a certain company president.
Bread crusts for lunch, even when piling in the train car... driven to the wall by temporary workers around 40 years old. I won't be surprised if this generation bands together to become unstoppable.
Doesn't it often happen that you wake up in the morning and it's already time to leave  Approximately 10 hours after creating the thread
Falling helicopter parts, replaced with old parts shortly before.
Win10 is crap.
Toray, quality data falsification.
The prize money for the Tokyo Olympics mascot is 1 million yen (tax included).
Toden: Okay, workers will rotate in 5 minutes.
The contents are so all over the place that I gave up trying to come up with a thread title.
Is it okay if Bank of Japan president Kuroda is reappointed?
Japanese mobile game Travel Frog becomes an unexpected hit in China.
Wasn't there also some sort of comment about anal lacerations or something?
Well, after all, you can pick  up Japanese geography playing Momotaru Dentetsu.
How about breaking from the mold and watching some less popular anime?
I was playing it normally on the Internet.
US helicopter, another emergency landing? Tonaki, Okinawa. It's at the end of it's lifespan so please just get a new helicopter. Having said that, I guess a new one would be an Osprey.
US military transport aircraft, Okinawa, it crashed to the sea off the coast of Okiito Island| NHK News They crash often
My automatic bitcoin selling BOT is trying hard.
I want to copy paste the same command system for the settings for all of the machines.
I wish I was born as a CG character.
Taking the helm towards a true taking down of the government.  The battle between Prime Minister Abe and Asahi Shimbun is beginning its last stages.  Now the movement of the Liberal Democratic Party doesn't have much meaning; at most, it will have a little more meaning than a protest against curry.  However, if rocketman were to say something at this timing, who knows what would happen...
In this thread: guess who will be today's Pop Team Epic voice actor.
Watch "Kimi no Na wa" on TV Asahi at 9:00 tonight.
Nuclear power plants that are out of commission cost an incredible 5 trillion yen over 5 years.
The Democratic Party: Investigating the dissolution of the party.
RPG masterpiece "Chrono Trigger" PC version, distribution begins on Steam.
Starting tomorrow I'll go to a women's college.
What a beneficial submission.
I went out to eat Chinese food for dinner.
Father of Sakurai (Arashi) becomes executive officer of Dentsu and strengthens internal control function. Is it just not golden parachute even without considering his son? It would be too messed up in this country that any media does not criticize him moving into the company right after the former secretary general caused a scandal.
Edano's take on constitutionalism: "I believe this is a time to proceed in a logical manner.
"Huh, you don't have a PS4?
Please take a look at the bento box that won on a survey over "Beast Friends."
The first "niconico channel" unlimited viewing anime channel "d anime store niconico branch" is being established. In addition to having a monthly fee even for premium members, there is also a separate contract with Honka d Ani. I can't believe it.
Did they not say, "The matter did not go through the request thread, so if you disapprove resubmit it as a request"?
"PCs ready for mining cryptocurrency" sold on dospara are being built and having the initial mining setup done, expected delivery in one month.
We ask the creator of the word, 「吉野家コピペ」17 years after its creation. I thought it was 2chan's Copy+Paste
Saying "nuclear power is cheap" is a lie.
"Cyberdimension Neptunia: 4 Goddesses Online"  Release date decided as February 27  Will this become the new battleground for game hardware?
A sense of reality as the "Nikkeo Average drops to 12000 yen".
"Too beautiful city councilor" Social Democratic Party member Satou Azusa.
What is the greatest buzzword on the Internet in 2017?
"Super Bomberman R" for sale on PS4/XB1/PC in June.
"Valkyria Chronicles 4" release! PS4 version on March 21, 2018 and the Nintendo Switch version planned for summer of 2018. Were there a 2 and 3?
A while ago (a decade ago or two decades ago) it was popular to "quit your company job and start a ramen restaurant".
[Tether doubts] Bitcoin price rises immediately after issuance of new USDT  Anonymous report indicates possibility of market manipulation  I didn't understand the reason for tether's existence in the first place  Is it a scam after all?
[Muscle Training] It has become like this after continuing to standstill for half a year!
GDP, first time in 28 years to see increase 8 terms in a row.
Public acknowledgement by WHO.
22nd, Tokyo Stock Exchange Morning Market, Nikkei Index continues to rise, yen strong up to 173, result of intervention? This might turn into a period of strong yen and high stock prices.
I didn't think I'd find a big brother character attractive.
When there aren't any clear benefits like GOG’s DRM free, nobody wants to increase DRMs.
A picture of a festival I took myself on the PC
I remember it was a bit troublesome installing SE
Places like official UBI store, Steam, and possibly Epic store where they sell in JPY have GEO pricing where it's about 3000yen more expensive compared to USD, so even with discount, it's still expensive.
I want to make a new version of ARK (DLC)...
Z for xxZ has the same meaning as UTC
I am a girl in high school and my dad said that share prices are 3 times that of when some anti-Japan party called the Democratic party? was in power.
I seriously think this could be influenced by Japanese adult videos.
Come on, anti-Japan dudes would be put to sleep eternally.
If there was still Kochira Kameari Hashutsujo series going on
You can only find out what happened there by looking at holograms, devices or documents.
Isn't that Santa just Moguro Fukuzo?
Isn't that WRC(World Rally Championship)?
People talk about these often but in actuality, not having NPC is the worst.
I waited for a DM but turns out it was already sold out about 4 hours ago #
Why don't they catch the people from TEPCO and Toshiba?
First of all, it’s weird that DM still exists.
Of course, there are also a number of other things to consider: With the launch of Epic Store, you have the opportunity to be at the forefront of ¥what could be the second biggest store on PC.
They are in a lower caste than anime nerds
The super robots should learn from this!
There might be a demand for the households that do not own smartphones or ones who don't know how to use them.
Is it because of the Fortnite effect?
Lots of fights at Mcdonald's huh?
Minami Wachi from the "Young Magazine" looks lovely
Last boss “I am the collective consciousness of humanity”
It's dumb to say that immigrants are going to allow the minimum wage to become fixed. If that's the case, then dispatch type of jobs and the working poor could be the reason as well.  Are they going to kick them out too?
It's like seeing a no-guarded fistfight between dlsite and DMM some time ago
I bought it too because it was a valve game, but then it looks hard and time-consuming so I might not play it.
There are 4 posts related to this that include exp lol
There are so many fake apps to block ads!
I heard 2 was a cult favorite as a fighting game, was it?
Other highschooler “You have flu? Go home”
I'm not sure if I can set up a mixer for you.
National policy of increasing convenience stores.
Anime and TV dramas these days are full of opportunism so who cares
Recommended in 5ch
Holding hands is NSFW.
I bet welfare will be uniformly at its lowest
When I was installing Origin a while ago, the update took forever and I almost went bananas
It used to be CD2WAV32 but ended up with a QMP after searching for something I could use Gracenote with
When it comes to collective consciousness type last boss vs sound reasoning type main character, I usually agree with the last boss and that troubles me
Drawing lots at candy stores ↓ Physical gachapon like supercar, Muscle Man erasers↓ Virtual Gachapon in social-network games
That's a plain update though
They are raising prices and such on electronic versions   D company is really tight on your DRM
I understand the intention of Tamaki who wants to compensate for the lack of visibility of his party, but as a citizen,  I bet it makes more sense to just vote for LDP if you like them, or vote for the biggest opposition party (The Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan) if you don't
Russo-Japanese diplomacy on a red light confirmed
I think it shows some essential problems that Neoliberal Takenaka doesn’t like the fact students protest using signs and fliers and organize among themselves.
It’s obvious this is photoshopped
What does it mean that "paying for phone games weakens smartphone addiction"?
Why don't you update Aikatsu's music game to the new version.
It's the affiliate's boss.
There are 5 totally different reasons for the Iran demonstrations.
A British design studio created a beautiful History of Alternative Music poster that is in the form of an electrical circuit diagram.
If you cross over to SINoALICE set up a thread.
Apparently, high level knowledge of anime was tested on the National Center Test for University Admissions.
“Do not buy it expensive.” There are surprise and praise in the advertisements of the popular sake Dassai. The company president says, “I really don’t want to place any advertisements. Sell it directly.”
There are signs that the item I ordered online has already been opened... If it was you, what would you do?  You again? It is going to break.
I'm irritated so I'm going to drink a Strong Zero and play that game with the guy in the pot.
Just looking at the literature, the testimony and efforts of various people are not ordinary.
The difference is that live2d is not labeled as DLC in the domestic version.
Some smartphones receive erroneous emergency alerts. Fire Department denies having sent them. My ASUS device didn't get any. Is this limited to Kanto area users?
[News flash] Power words like "around forty angel" trademarked.
[News Flash] Anime is Real.
[News Flash] Kitaro of the Graveyard's catgirl is getting an update  Time for another catgirl thread  (ﾊﾞﾊﾞﾊﾞﾊﾞ
An evolving survival game.
It's cheap how the explanatory videos and screenshots don't show the UI.
Identified by former US ambassador Sasae Kenichiro before retirement.
I gave up and had to punch it in.
Even under the second Abe cabinet, in which the poverty rate improved, up until 2013 / 2014 regular employment decreased while irregular employment increased, you know?
Vegetables' prices keep going up, and napa cabbages are valued at 2 times more than usual prices. ?? "The economy is doing well, it's a sign that deflation is starting to end."
Agreement for coalition government, forces back Liberal Democratic Party.
It made me remember the article about "searching for analog telephone lines in order to connect to online communications."
The instant food commercial is pretty funny.
February 16th large scale demonstration.
The name "Gorgonzola cheese", following a joint economic agreement between Japan and the EU, will only be allowed to be used for cheese produced in Italy.
"Gorgonzola style" and other vague expressions also not allowed.
[Emergency Film Chat thread! ! ] Today Star Wars: The Last Jedi is showing!
[Historical battle] Liberal Democratic Party "A special committee tasked with restoring Japan's honor and trustworthiness." To be held next week. Accepting the comfort women statue in San Francisco - Sankei News.
Microsoft acts fast as soon as they know it is not going to make money
Monthly income of 200,000 yen for 24 hour 365 day individual care, sexual harassment a daily occurrence.
What a futuristic and good thread title
Did they give in following the spectacular failure of 2 and Magical Days?
Shimajiro had a character like that
Why are people so condescending in the Yahoo comments section?
> You should know that Yahoo Comment's comments don't express the general opinion of the readers.
A friend working at Mizuho bank was making over 10,000,000 yen every year at 30 years old.
It's not like it's the era of "companies (organizations) reacting to online rumors hahahaha".
At this point calling it Bank of Japan-nomics would correctly express the present state.
The idea of settling things with horsepower, like an American car.
This was no time to be fooling with a smartphone.
Is there any meaning for creating the thread
And I haven't even beaten Xenoblade 2 or Zelda yet, oh man.
Looks like something from a Daft Punk music video
After being made to wait for three days for an item I ordered on the Amazon Marketplace, they cancelled the order by themselves without contacting me at all.
The German far right political party Alternative for Germany (AFD), has exceed the approval rating of Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD), and is now in second place=public opinion
Docomo’s overseas package deal is 1980yen/day for unlimited calls and 24MB of data. For unlimited data, 2980 yen.
The members of the BPO need to be inspected.
Online right wingers "It's working, it's working haha".
Please make the default no narration, no sound effects, and no background music.
It's a rival to Magireko, but Magireko lost and now it's Yamuchapoji...
Baldness can be cured by eating McDonald's french fries
There weren't many commercials.
Sounds like light novel
If the Aso Caldera erupts, it could destroy the entirety of Kyushu, so it doesn't really matter what happens to one or two power stations.
What's bad is Abe's response and the Yomiuri reporting.
Ikata Nuclear Power Plant Operation Suspended -" Pyroclastic flow may reach the reactor" - An injunction for the 3rd reactor from the Hiroshima High Court.
On KanColle as seen by retirees:
I think there's a term like "warship advocacy" in KanColle????
I think it is just a publicity stunt to gain favor from some individuals, or rather from some online right wingers.
Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare aims for change in image of caregiving occupation.
"You can buy 'Getting Over It' for 20% off right now!!!!"
Watching it now, I realized it wasn’t the breeder reactor, but the pressured water reactor that was written.
Recently NESiCA machines have been doing a lot of emulation.
Supreme court decision ignored. Abe administration does not release "government secretary secret funds document".
If you have a kid, put them in concrete and send them to Mercari
YouTuber starts screaming, and gets kicked out due to obstruction against the players All Australian OPEN
The most cases of child prostitution in history. Solicited via smartphones and games. Niigata.
Japan Self Defense Force's PR anime, "High School Fleet," has finally become a social network game!!!
I have not forgiven Kanken yet
Liberal Democratic Party, holds meeting to discuss comfort women statue in San Fransisco. "It is important that the positions of Japan's government and people are given a voice."
Reddit question thread and discussion thread for beginners (Question & Discussion) December, 2017
Prime minister, critical of Asahi article "They are publishing without evidence".
The Prime Minister's desire for progress with the Northern Territories Dispute   Russia: "We'll never give them back!"
Has been dating popular voice actress Mimori Suzuko for five months (Tokyo Sports Web).
Guys also wearing bras.
Locals "How is it?! The true taste of the ingredients is good, isn't it?!"
It is curious how the media doesn't explain exactly what is the difference between Japan and the US and countries like China and Russia, even though the answer is right there.
P.S: also the one who dropped white powder in front of the police officer
A testimony of sexual and workplace harassment during Achū's time at Dentsu.
Historical drought in Southern Europe = fear of a lack of nuclear power plant coolant water
M7.3 earthquake in South American Peru • r/quake_jp
I was saying that I'm buying too much, but I ended up buying Bayonetta anyway.
US Armed Forces fail in an experiment to intercept missile. Japan-America development's new model, SM3 = American authority. Reuters
Kyoto University Professor Mochizuki.
They are having Finance Minister Aso take direction of the Moritomo problem investigation = Chief Cabinet Secretary
He's always breaking Final Fantasy 6, isn't he.
It's a VR sound game.
This is clever stealth marketing.
I want Windows 10 PCs with 4GB to not be sold.
I took the opportunity to draw the nation's nuclear power plants.
They've had an account for a while now but it was an official account that wasn't verified and kept blocking users.
That's why the child raising generation must, even online, live in the light.
Quietly unsubscribing from DMM and playing Azur Lane.
It's fun to be lazy~, HP is
The guy who built a 90s style replica PC on /r/battlestations is amazing.
ADATA 480 GB SSD 14,800 yen mac mini assembled with SSD was comfortable. I cannot go back to HDD anymore
ADSL will be completed in 2023 and I order for an illegal construction
NanJ Anime Song regular meeting in Cytube  No, they are 2chan's NanJ people and not Reddit's NanJ people.
Online game addict appearing on Nehorinpahorin "Being a bottler takes a lot of time and is inefficient" Today I learned
I yelled, “Aaaaaaahhhhh!!!!  I don’t want to go to work.... I am too depressed and I took a noon nap...” LLL says, “Let’s play Get Freedom.” I reply, “LLL?!” If you bully Anzu, you will get domestic violence in return.
And it goes without saying that taking extra maternity leave is a serious crime.
Momokuro happily introduces themselves by saying, "The most impressive thing is that by going from 5 people's names to 4, it's become 'Reni, Kanako, Shiori, Sasaki Ayaka'".
Finally it's bouncing back on the MBS net.
It probably would have been easier to look at 5ch.
Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag Free   Our UBI
Because there's nothing to do, I looked up various things about Tobita Shinchi and became motivated to go, but going alone is scary  It's far
If you think about it, 10 years ago almost nobody had a smartphone, but now smartphones are a necessity in life.
It is famous for BW etc., but can Japanese people work as mercenary soldiers?
They're going to make more photoshopped images.
Apple corporation plans to integrate the iOS and Mac apps in 2018. It appears neither of them will work.  If it is based on the number of terminals on which the OS operates, it seems that it will be about 100 times different? Or even 1000 times?
Anime of the Year 2017 BLAME and ACCA and Made in Abyss and Kemono Friends and Land of the Lustrous. There are actually a decent number of them that I like.
The time limit of "Japan/China" turnaround in the anime industry.
It seems that the influence of right wingers is icreasing in the world of American furries  Seriously, Anyamaru Tantei Kiruminzuu is the absolute worst
It would be interesting if Alibaba releases AI speakers.
Proof that alcohol causes irreversible damage to stem cell DNA.
Greatest aircraft carrier in English history, repair for flooding discovered immediately after it was commissioned.
800,000 instagram followers.
Is the influenza epidemic due to "men who won't take a break even when they are sick"? I think it won't go away unless you make it so both *not letting them take a break is punishable* and them not taking a break is punishable.
I bought a turmeric supplement online.
Character voice done by Hidaka Noriko
Girls channel shows mass posting of "unpleasant G image" , The commitee decided the legal action to the users.
GIRLS und PANZER's characters are all cute.
I painted GarPan's proverbs and black tea person  I get the feeling the whole budget was blown on FX
The overseas skin care commercial in which 0 to 100 year old females appear.
Miss Kitty, collaborating on preposterous things.
It's the Christmas Eve. I'll summon mahosho who is everyone's girlfriend! \\vwon/ Mahosho is my pet.
The grotesque scenes are blacked out with inks in this manga. I can't even follow. Give me back my money.
Grotesque warning.
I lied for a game and I got Get Freedom. I'm playing Monster Hunter right now but it's fun.
A mod to turn Doom into a Super Famicom style medieval fantasy game, GMOTA's major update announcement trailer now available  Wonderfully done
1 BTC = 6,366.2 USD.  Once it gets to USD10 I will buy.
I thought the article meant they hit him with their phones!
Smartphone storage finally reaches 512GB, Samsung begins production of "512GB eUFS," the world's first 512GB flash storage for smartphones  Hurry up and lower the price
For the smartphone generation "typing Japanese on a keyboard via romaji is tough."
Even when typing on a smartphone Japan is on its own. "While foreigners quickly type in a way that's almost like painting with a brush, Japanese people awkwardly flick up down left right and it's really lame." Godan is God.
The shocking truth behind "real activities with friends sharply declining" 10 years after smartphones became popular.
Use FLMASK.
Social game ... thing..., ah... (guess)  Wrong  Is it Magical Karin?  Are you expecting something?
Dyson's EV, available in Japan to become the first in the world.
The reason why TV stations have more dramas despite the lowering viewership of drama series: of course it's the revival of loving cats
Business opportunity of recovering digital cameras in the age of instagram, Shipment volume increased for the first time in 7 years, it must be a lie...
Digital mini comic "ZARTAN" #11 complete.
Fearing larger demonstrations, police close neighboring station to National Diet Building. As for the demonstration, it's like a scene where people say, "Native Tokyoite! Idiot!"
Nuclear power expenses in Turkey, double what was expected.
HTC NIPPON, with 20,000 followers selling the HTC U11 Solar Red SIM free. But I already bought the U11 Blue...
The real world is becoming like the internet.
Online voting begins.
Doing stuff like taking no damage and time attacks are way too impossible.
That Valentine's chocolate looks expensive.
It's an absolutely brutal environment unless the government passes a bill that allows you to demand the company that they pay you a lifetime worth salary when you quit (rather forced to quit) because of the power harassment.
56 analog model for IP network landline phones is now on sale.
No 1 app for bit coin trading.
A thread to build a pyramid.
Family Mart is entering the coin laundry business.
Family Mart has launched "Flattering Lunch Box" on a limited number.
Former White House Chief Strategist Bannon also labeled NHK as fake news. He commented at a news conference, “It is, without a doubt, Japan’s CNN.” Japan’s right wing responsed by saying, “Bannon is an honorable Japanese person!”
I'm just looking forward to the anime block on Fuji.
Pretty Cure defeats Rasubosu in an average of 15 minutes 50 seconds.
The reasons behind professional go players.
A vending machine that provides food to homeless people 24/7 has been installed in England.
I played Pokémon Safari the most.
It seems like the Pop Team Epic anime has begun.
The Millers Ranking starts with Magireko, but for ease of getting payment, a D rank would seem to be best.
Give People's Honor Awards for people who get new records in Mario RTA
Whether you request moderation or whatever you do, I think the frame shouldn't be used for business purposes but should be used as an event opening frame (I personally think that the moderation request thread and the monthly discussion thread are unnecessary).
Moderation request thread, no longer a sticky.
Mon hamburger woman "Please tie" Why flirting?
Monster Hunter is fun.
Monster Hunter's fun four panel comic.
Monster Hunter girl "Please tie it"  That's right, that's right
Ripple stock price continues to fall, can the argument that the XRP token in the cooperation with MoneyGram is unnecessary be dispelled?
Rainbow Six Siege in LLL! It is scheduled to start around 9:30 ... Oh was it PC? I have PS4 ...
I liked his wresting series so I'm sad.
Russia: "(If you have been prescribed it) you can bring cocaine, marijuana, and heroin into the World Cup stadium."
This is, after all, Abe’s mass media.
Abe Cabinet, craziness of 60% members come from the politician family... 14% decrease of the national income in the past 15 years, twice more for the household with zero asset There is no meaning sinceTokyo university is basicary inherited system
Italy's Bitgrail loses around 20 billion yen's worth of Nano (XRB). Some suspect company absconding with the funds. Wow, cryptocurrency is the stuff of your dreams (monotone). Stealing ten percent of the issued currency wouldn't be possible with real currency.
Asahi Shinbun wins the law suit in the second trial concerning the comfort women. In the first case before the Tokyo High court, there were 2557  plaintiffs, 62 of whom appealed.     These must have been the wealthy ones.
It's an LLL matchmaking boom.
Former Minister of Defense Inada "Since the previous election the number of votes has increased by 114, so the purification following the scandals and verbal gaffes is complete, and it's time to press forward with constitutional reform!!" For baseball it's the Giants! For TV it's NHK! For elections it's the Liberal Democratic Party! Hahaha!
A retiree's view of "KanColle".
British boy.
Because MOD is incompetent.
Okinawa Prefectural Police "The more we clamp down the more there are."
I'm making a thread!
It seems like my smartphone got a virus.
The bad environment around nursing care... 24 hour 365 day individual care for a monthly income of 200,000 yen, sexual harassment an everyday occurrence.
I think overseas, you can't use the DLC of some copyrighted characters.
I'm from a foreign country, so please excuse me, but why is it that tweets from the opposition party about the Moritomo scandal are always covered with replies by professional patriots?
"Convenience stores also" make business requests for foreign technical trainees.
Introduction of vehicle specifically for foreign ministers = Kawanoshi "Cannot wait at the airport at night".
Clubs will disappear from school?
The official residence starts "Instagram."
I put together 2 basic characters, and output everything between them.
The Japanese language version of the free shooter “Fortnite Battle Royale” was released. Knives Out is a very convenient game to play on the smartphone.
On the train home, a schoolgirl came and sat next to me.
So this is the sound game that Musashi Miyamoto is a huge fan of.
The pay is way better.
Kyoto University research.
The communist party is aiming to magnify their political strength through social networking services.
It's not extreme but I am poor.
I thought it was Kinniku Shojo Tai!
What's your best comment on domestic violence?
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry begins consideration of "flying cars". Debate over manufacturing industry's direction. This is Kyoko Shimbun right? Wait, what are they saying for real? Why isn't this Kyoko Shimbun!
Federation of Economic Organizations going mad.
PS3 "Demons Soul" On 17th February 28, 2018, online service terminated.
I bought a PS4 and VR.
Seems like he likes nuclear power plants.
Says to nuclear accident evacuees, "How about being independent?"
The scooter might be broken.
So they're obsessed with Travel Frog, while we're into Azur Lane, huh?
It's because there's kind of a trend where turning down Kouhaku makes you more respected.
Its a nightmare being snared by the 'netouyo', the conspiracy touting network bloggers.
UN, new organization to reduce plastic garbage in oceans, look into countermeasures and alternatives. Won't you please do something about the tendency for putting even the most trivial things in plastic bags? I get worn out saying I don't need one every single time.
The United Nations Special reporters warns about serious poverty in the US It seems that the US needs a revolution soon
I guess nowadays that would probably be Minecraft.
Now it is plastic, light, and cheap, and for what it costs to repair you can just buy a new cheap one.
The English Proficiency Test is today...
Upper House Budget Committee.
It made me remember the copy and paste about putting hydrofluoric acid on teeth.
Sometimes Bunshu writes sontaku articles that pander to superiors too.
The "Self Defense Force Best Body 2018" event will be held to determine the most beautiful macho body in the Self Defense Force! Feast your eyes on the strong muscles of members from the ground, sea, and air units ♡ Ground boiler technical officers and such have tons of free time, so if they devote themselves to lifting weights they should win in a landslide, right?
Mr. Santou of the Liberal Democratic Party says, “the Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare commends women that give birth to more than four children.”  Let’s choose what we want. What is this guy saying? He is a nut job. No, that is not true.
Liberal Democratic Party Diet members, resolution adopted to stop taxes for using golf resorts. It truly is only the upper class that gets tax breaks.
Uhm, actually, it looks like there's probably a ton of child porn saved on there.
In IT, even if a company isn't black, there are a ton of people who change jobs because they're thinking about their career or want higher pay.
There was someone who used throwaway accounts to post things like that.
Young people and people in their 30s "Abe, go for it! Abe, go for it! The work revolution and the Moritomo Problem are good!" This thread title makes me laugh.
What is this subreddit about?  This thread is created once in a while.
Apparently there are netizens overseas who are feeling indebted for not donating to Wikipedia (Wikipedia). "I can't sleep at night because I feel guilty..." and such. You can make NSR in Rocket News. I thought it was blocked.
Dressed in girl's clothes and doing anal masturbation, Kusashon returns home.
I wrote a novel. Part 2. LLL isn't NewSoku.
The Koike Tokyo administration's invoice... General contractors are fighting over terms using the Tokyo Olympics as a "hostage".Even with the Tsukiji, Toyosu issues, Koike is an undercover agent for general contractors  LOL.
There are lots of them, but set up screens without control panels are useless.
The new Reddit application seems to be slow, but what is it compared to another ones, it's better than 0ch, 2ch, 4ch, 5ch.
I ended up buying a new smartphone...... how sad
Outcry over a popular model who posted an "obscene video" to Instagram!
Idol group closely associated with Mito City dissolves! Was the cause "sexual harassment and coercion to drink" for underage members? In a 5 year period 23 members left the group. Mito → Natto → closely associated (lit. sticky)
Let's fire politicians and government officials and introduce AI.
The truth behind her "removal" during the New Year's special.
"Getting drunk on canned alcohol" in order to save money? A wave of a third type of beer with "high alcohol content"  goes on sale. When calculated, it's about the same amount of alcohol/price as shochu (Otsu type). In actuality it's not that cost effective.
Perhaps there was no template.
Is it a problem for adults to watch anime intended for young girls?
Maybe we will see the Taisei commercial
The District Prosecutor:  Possibility of expanding the investigation into 'Abe's mates'.
If a Chinese Communist newspaper does it they get praised.
Are there no AV porn stars in China?
Chinese super computer "天河三号" could reach the top spot if Japan bickers over the arrest of a certain company president.
Bread crusts for lunch, even when piling in the train car... driven to the wall by temporary workers around 40 years old. I won't be surprised if this generation bands together to become unstoppable.
Doesn't it often happen that you wake up in the morning and it's already time to leave  Approximately 10 hours after creating the thread
Falling helicopter parts, replaced with old parts shortly before.
Win10 is crap.
Toray, quality data falsification.
The prize money for the Tokyo Olympics mascot is 1 million yen (tax included).
Toden: Okay, workers will rotate in 5 minutes.
The contents are so all over the place that I gave up trying to come up with a thread title.
Is it okay if Bank of Japan president Kuroda is reappointed?
Japanese mobile game Travel Frog becomes an unexpected hit in China.
Wasn't there also some sort of comment about anal lacerations or something?
Well, after all, you can pick  up Japanese geography playing Momotaru Dentetsu.
How about breaking from the mold and watching some less popular anime?
I was playing it normally on the Internet.
US helicopter, another emergency landing? Tonaki, Okinawa. It's at the end of it's lifespan so please just get a new helicopter. Having said that, I guess a new one would be an Osprey.
US military transport aircraft, Okinawa, it crashed to the sea off the coast of Okiito Island| NHK News They crash often
My automatic bitcoin selling BOT is trying hard.
I want to copy paste the same command system for the settings for all of the machines.
I wish I was born as a CG character.
Taking the helm towards a true taking down of the government.  The battle between Prime Minister Abe and Asahi Shimbun is beginning its last stages.  Now the movement of the Liberal Democratic Party doesn't have much meaning; at most, it will have a little more meaning than a protest against curry.  However, if rocketman were to say something at this timing, who knows what would happen...
In this thread: guess who will be today's Pop Team Epic voice actor.
Watch "Kimi no Na wa" on TV Asahi at 9:00 tonight.
Nuclear power plants that are out of commission cost an incredible 5 trillion yen over 5 years.
The Democratic Party: Investigating the dissolution of the party.
RPG masterpiece "Chrono Trigger" PC version, distribution begins on Steam.
Starting tomorrow I'll go to a women's college.
What a beneficial submission.
I went out to eat Chinese food for dinner.
Father of Sakurai (Arashi) becomes executive officer of Dentsu and strengthens internal control function. Is it just not golden parachute even without considering his son? It would be too messed up in this country that any media does not criticize him moving into the company right after the former secretary general caused a scandal.
Edano's take on constitutionalism: "I believe this is a time to proceed in a logical manner.
"Huh, you don't have a PS4?
Please take a look at the bento box that won on a survey over "Beast Friends."
The first "niconico channel" unlimited viewing anime channel "d anime store niconico branch" is being established. In addition to having a monthly fee even for premium members, there is also a separate contract with Honka d Ani. I can't believe it.
Did they not say, "The matter did not go through the request thread, so if you disapprove resubmit it as a request"?
"PCs ready for mining cryptocurrency" sold on dospara are being built and having the initial mining setup done, expected delivery in one month.
We ask the creator of the word, 「吉野家コピペ」17 years after its creation. I thought it was 2chan's Copy+Paste
Saying "nuclear power is cheap" is a lie.
"Cyberdimension Neptunia: 4 Goddesses Online"  Release date decided as February 27  Will this become the new battleground for game hardware?
A sense of reality as the "Nikkeo Average drops to 12000 yen".
"Too beautiful city councilor" Social Democratic Party member Satou Azusa.
What is the greatest buzzword on the Internet in 2017?
"Super Bomberman R" for sale on PS4/XB1/PC in June.
"Valkyria Chronicles 4" release! PS4 version on March 21, 2018 and the Nintendo Switch version planned for summer of 2018. Were there a 2 and 3?
A while ago (a decade ago or two decades ago) it was popular to "quit your company job and start a ramen restaurant".
[Tether doubts] Bitcoin price rises immediately after issuance of new USDT  Anonymous report indicates possibility of market manipulation  I didn't understand the reason for tether's existence in the first place  Is it a scam after all?
[Muscle Training] It has become like this after continuing to standstill for half a year!
GDP, first time in 28 years to see increase 8 terms in a row.
Public acknowledgement by WHO.
22nd, Tokyo Stock Exchange Morning Market, Nikkei Index continues to rise, yen strong up to 173, result of intervention? This might turn into a period of strong yen and high stock prices.
I didn't think I'd find a big brother character attractive.
LLLer is looking for a spouse~ NOT.
“We didn't expect that people would avoid us this much. We have to regain trust improving ourselves to have a fair and open entrance exam.” Of course people are going to avoid you.
Not.
I can understand Ozawa's actions as an opposition realignmentist but the The Democratic Party for the People will surely have a dispute
Good morning☀  Good night💤  but tonight we have the super moon ... 🌕
Kawaii~
Hearing that makes me happy (^O^)
Of course it didn't come.
What is this ...
Isn't it too early?
Mame chan🌱 where are you?
I have and want online friends   I also consider Miratan as a friend
This might be good, if I get hooked.
I thought “Shanghai is awesome” for a second.
Isn't it the other way around?
It's difficult to knot the thread, isn't it
It has turned to this recently huh ...
(´･д･`)No way!
I'm happy that Suda's games are increasing
earth "Stop it!"
This storm of winning reports are killing me
Every now and then I get the urge to operate heavy machinery, so I check the training schedule for Kobe Steel and Komatsu. The training for a light vehicle (soil preparation / excavation) can be completed in just two days, and it is fun.
First off all, take a drink all of you. Aaahhh. Hmm? Are you underestimating me? At any time I'll take your Stolichnaya and drink it down to the last drop.
"I don't have any money or anything, although..."  In a small village of only 10 households, inhabitants' business begins  Solar panels in the wilderness, and sales of special products  Although, for me
Did you buy something on black friday?
Kinboshi distributes too much.
The Ministry of Finance states Moritomo negotiation records "still exist" = Upper House Budget Committee "We'll erase it now (haha)"
[Super urgent news flash] December in Japan is hot ☀️ At any rate the day after tomorrow I'll have to make a thread talking about how it's absolutely freezing...
I live in a coastal region with strong winds, so I've never seen frost myself.
Girls who eat a lot are cute wow!
"I do not know if there was a direct conversation with Sagawa."
I am going to get sticky.
You make a good face
That was the article with the question, right?
Then let's find a fun pastime in the real world.
Which?
Well, if I had to choose.../r/NewsSokuhou_R/
Hurry up and liberalize the import of cheese.
Well done!
I looked closely and noticed that the characters have shadows, it looks fancy
Oh nice, Japanese joke, hahaha
I couldn't defeat the Christmas demon... (swaying side to side)
Seriously!? That car body is crazy.
Ms. Mami has been brainwashed and has turned into a real dangerous person.
What exactly broke?
They are much better regarding the diplomacy
Since there have been a lot of criticisms between members of the same organizations lately, I don't trust this old guy either.
Shooting fire towards the unknown substance on power cableー！
The fact that they earn more than that is incredible.
Aluminum | Rubber | Power Cable | Rubber | Aluminum |:-:|:-|:-|:-|:-| was it ?
The power of science is great!
Kagami no Naka no Marionette (Marionette in the Mirror)
so cute ～（╹◡╹）
Chinese characters are hard. Keep at it! ♥ Keep at it♥
Cheers!
Drawing this much then getting bored, how sad.
This has finally come.
This is interesting.
This is huge news, how scary.
I didn't know about this judgement.
If there isn't much of a difference then you can feel the difference in the genes, can't you?
Samishi... Virgin girls seem like they don't want the fact that they are a virgin to be mentioned
I like this one, I think I'll use it as a masturbatory aid.
it's an amazing one.
Those types of thoughtless comments are meaningless.
It is fun.
It's fun to be lazy~, HP is
I am tired.
I finally posted a video of the real conditions... embarrassing...
No matter how you think about it is sure it cute.
Why don't universities have any money?  The agricultural building where they were conducting a plant factory experiment was always awake  Now that I think about it, the utility fees must have been enormous
why are you laughing
You're early.
Timbeeer!!!
I am embarrassed...
Heisho.
I'm disliked wherever I go.
Am I too much a slave to my lusty desires?
I recorded my video gaming but I was sad to find out nobody was looking at it. Therefore, I will advertise.
After all, you are amazing at being on time.
As expected, men are drawn to the overflowing life force.
I don't know...
Laughing bahaha
Aqua is cute.
Alina Paisen "what?!!?"
I arrived in Italy.
So dog's make this expression too lol
Muramoto from Woman Rush Hour 「Prime Minister, this isn't the time to be hung up over something like this. We have to hurry and manipulate article 9 too. 」A joke I just came up with 「Say the first item of article 9 of the Constitution. You can't say it?! What the heck!! 」
Feeling emotional.
citrus is good r/anime
Caps are hard to draw.
It's easier to have a conversation like that than when it's dead quiet.
Are these "small ghouls" or something?
Business opportunity of recovering digital cameras in the age of instagram, Shipment volume increased for the first time in 7 years, it must be a lie...
I'm defragging my computer, but it's taking forever...
Trump "So you're gonna buy more F35, right?" Abe"Of course I am, master." I bet you don't even have that many F35 in stock to sell anyway.
BLAM!
Hacker group succeeds in running Linux on the Nintendo Switch. So the OS was a freebsd base? So then is the main unit something like a Pixel 2?
A visits by tax offices one after another for those who made money with bitcoins! Large amount of additional taxation! Because you silly didn't report
Venezuela is the world's first nation to issue cryptocurrency. Why don't they use preexisting cryptocurrency. What's the point of that.
I want to become macho.
Mama!
Responses commonly used by LLLers "amazing", "great", "cute".
Monster Hunter girl "Please tie it"  That's right, that's right
It's been 3 years since LLL was made. I think something needs to be done to make it a heritage soon. Already 3 years... so fast.
Prime Minister Abe Shinzo starts using Instagram. Surprised reactions to him following an unexpected person "What a shock". The picture is from the secretary or other people around, and the submission appears to be Ichita. Just as I expected.
Gonna hit the billion......gonna hit the billion...... Let's try 10 consecutive numbers and 10 random ones
A new development in Nintendo Switch A game you play by combining a cardboard craft kit, "Nintendo Labo" is starting   woof woof "So fun!!"
Result: skin was made slick and rejuvenated with Vaseline
When the candy that's in the shape of the dog's face is being rolled around it's so funny for some reason.
I got Reddit Gold.  Are you jealous?
Now I'm about to go to Roppongi for work.
I am going to somewhere, I will go out now
Right now my room is 3 degrees celcius, but how about you guys~?  yo yo, 3 degrees celcius seems to be about the lower limit
From today, a new company... I come from LLL~ Crucian carp.  This introduction is flawless.
Today's bear. Aaaahhh. Haha
And then even he falls off...lol.
Is it March?
I guess there were suspicions about her smoking since she was a teenager.
Biking to work is great.
Mr. Santou of the Liberal Democratic Party says, “the Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare commends women that give birth to more than four children.”  Let’s choose what we want. What is this guy saying? He is a nut job. No, that is not true.
Maybe it's a good thing how easy it is to put something up for sale.
That girl is cute.
My allowance is 50,000 yen every month, so it shouldn't be a problem at all to do a three year contract.
Nao Kohira, Wishful gold medal! Japan women's first achievement in speed skating! Speed Skating Women's 500m Olympic Records victory • r / Olympics_ja~ so fast!
I ended up buying a new smartphone...... how sad
It could hit somebody.
Are there any nonconformists who participated in the coming of age ceremony?
Maekawa to Prime Minister Abe "If you're able to escape, I will doubt democracy"  He's already escaped, and I'm sorry to say that he wasn't given any damage at all
Please explain!
Shocking. North America and Europe are reading the mood hahaha.
The major aggregator site, 「オレ的ゲーム速報」(My game news flash), has their twitter account frozen. We did it!
The capital T is gradually being buried, LOL.
I'll release it inside.
/r/steam discusses looking forward to checking out all of the weeklong deals  Sometimes there may be more than 800 recommendations displayed, but when it's updated it will return to 6 lol
The secondary is tough.
Nikkei Average sees drop in excess of 1100 yen. A drop on the level of the largest ever seen for the New York Stock Exchange. Amazing, hilarious.
Why does "the seriousness of falsification of official documents" not make any sense for Japanese people? This confusion that lurks in the "darkness" of this country is because in Japan, we have the ancient history and legends "the Kojiki and the Nihonshoki"....that's what I think
It's the end of the year so let's take a Mensa IQ test.
I hadn't seen Baruto recently so I thought he might have gone back to his home country, but I was surprised to learn he was still in Japan.
"Is Ms Akie hiding?" It is expected that the Ministry of Finance's "legal consultation book" will be made available to the mass public. That'd be nice, I'd like get acquainted with Ms. Akie and get that pass to use tax money as much as I wanted. That'd be quite the quality wallet, wouldn't it?
Too scary.
US helicopter makes another emergency landing in Okinawa for the third time this month. Tonaki. The thread title is too long.
Today's manga diary  sad...
It's tiring because it's every day......
Isn't that Yagami Light?
I don't have a reason but I'm sad.
I was touched by a warm soup more than a cold luxurious osechi.
Old school sites 「あじゃじゃしたー」「ぁゃιぃ(*ﾟーﾟ)NEWS」have mysteriously closed down in succession to each other.
The first Nekopara one is amazingly good.
"If you get a foreign citizenship, you will lose your Japanese citizenship" 8 individuals are suing, claiming that it's violating the constitutional rights. If you don't agree, (give up on your citizenship) just get out of here (and don't come back).
"Mr. Saka became an ordinary person. It was hard to summon." Mr. Moriyama from the Liberal Democratic Party is too awful, I laughed... I laughed... And then, "Mr. sakawa has entered the ruling party. He cannot be summoned" seems to be what will happen.
← Somehow artistic, somehow instinctive → The barbeque shop seems pretty well reputed
Ah, I can only drink cold water or hot water.
Ah, my former classmate could now have a kid of their own.
Thanks!
I'm going to read the original article later.
It does exist somewhere.
So nice~
I love it a lot.❤️
But books I don't need come too.
Uh, wait, what?
Sexy.
Looks delicious.
You're late!
Work...
Good work.
I'm hungry.
Good morning poki.
It's interesting, but tiring and painful as well.
Your dinner is so early you're going to get hungry.
What great weather, the sun is shining brightly! It was a mistake.
LLLer is looking for a spouse~ NOT.
“We didn't expect that people would avoid us this much. We have to regain trust improving ourselves to have a fair and open entrance exam.” Of course people are going to avoid you.
Not.
I can understand Ozawa's actions as an opposition realignmentist but the The Democratic Party for the People will surely have a dispute
Good morning☀  Good night💤  but tonight we have the super moon ... 🌕
Kawaii~
Hearing that makes me happy (^O^)
Of course it didn't come.
What is this ...
Isn't it too early?
Mame chan🌱 where are you?
I have and want online friends   I also consider Miratan as a friend
This might be good, if I get hooked.
I thought “Shanghai is awesome” for a second.
Isn't it the other way around?
It's difficult to knot the thread, isn't it
It has turned to this recently huh ...
(´･д･`)No way!
I'm happy that Suda's games are increasing
earth "Stop it!"
This storm of winning reports are killing me
Every now and then I get the urge to operate heavy machinery, so I check the training schedule for Kobe Steel and Komatsu. The training for a light vehicle (soil preparation / excavation) can be completed in just two days, and it is fun.
First off all, take a drink all of you. Aaahhh. Hmm? Are you underestimating me? At any time I'll take your Stolichnaya and drink it down to the last drop.
"I don't have any money or anything, although..."  In a small village of only 10 households, inhabitants' business begins  Solar panels in the wilderness, and sales of special products  Although, for me
Did you buy something on black friday?
Kinboshi distributes too much.
The Ministry of Finance states Moritomo negotiation records "still exist" = Upper House Budget Committee "We'll erase it now (haha)"
[Super urgent news flash] December in Japan is hot ☀️ At any rate the day after tomorrow I'll have to make a thread talking about how it's absolutely freezing...
I live in a coastal region with strong winds, so I've never seen frost myself.
Girls who eat a lot are cute wow!
"I do not know if there was a direct conversation with Sagawa."
I am going to get sticky.
You make a good face
That was the article with the question, right?
Then let's find a fun pastime in the real world.
Which?
Well, if I had to choose.../r/NewsSokuhou_R/
Hurry up and liberalize the import of cheese.
Well done!
I looked closely and noticed that the characters have shadows, it looks fancy
Oh nice, Japanese joke, hahaha
I couldn't defeat the Christmas demon... (swaying side to side)
Seriously!? That car body is crazy.
Ms. Mami has been brainwashed and has turned into a real dangerous person.
What exactly broke?
They are much better regarding the diplomacy
Since there have been a lot of criticisms between members of the same organizations lately, I don't trust this old guy either.
Shooting fire towards the unknown substance on power cableー！
The fact that they earn more than that is incredible.
Aluminum | Rubber | Power Cable | Rubber | Aluminum |:-:|:-|:-|:-|:-| was it ?
The power of science is great!
Kagami no Naka no Marionette (Marionette in the Mirror)
so cute ～（╹◡╹）
Chinese characters are hard. Keep at it! ♥ Keep at it♥
Cheers!
Drawing this much then getting bored, how sad.
This has finally come.
This is interesting.
This is huge news, how scary.
I didn't know about this judgement.
If there isn't much of a difference then you can feel the difference in the genes, can't you?
Samishi... Virgin girls seem like they don't want the fact that they are a virgin to be mentioned
I like this one, I think I'll use it as a masturbatory aid.
it's an amazing one.
Those types of thoughtless comments are meaningless.
It is fun.
It's fun to be lazy~, HP is
I am tired.
I finally posted a video of the real conditions... embarrassing...
No matter how you think about it is sure it cute.
Why don't universities have any money?  The agricultural building where they were conducting a plant factory experiment was always awake  Now that I think about it, the utility fees must have been enormous
why are you laughing
You're early.
Timbeeer!!!
I am embarrassed...
Heisho.
I'm disliked wherever I go.
Am I too much a slave to my lusty desires?
I recorded my video gaming but I was sad to find out nobody was looking at it. Therefore, I will advertise.
After all, you are amazing at being on time.
As expected, men are drawn to the overflowing life force.
I don't know...
Laughing bahaha
Aqua is cute.
Alina Paisen "what?!!?"
I arrived in Italy.
So dog's make this expression too lol
Muramoto from Woman Rush Hour 「Prime Minister, this isn't the time to be hung up over something like this. We have to hurry and manipulate article 9 too. 」A joke I just came up with 「Say the first item of article 9 of the Constitution. You can't say it?! What the heck!! 」
Feeling emotional.
citrus is good r/anime
Caps are hard to draw.
It's easier to have a conversation like that than when it's dead quiet.
Are these "small ghouls" or something?
Business opportunity of recovering digital cameras in the age of instagram, Shipment volume increased for the first time in 7 years, it must be a lie...
I'm defragging my computer, but it's taking forever...
Trump "So you're gonna buy more F35, right?" Abe"Of course I am, master." I bet you don't even have that many F35 in stock to sell anyway.
BLAM!
Hacker group succeeds in running Linux on the Nintendo Switch. So the OS was a freebsd base? So then is the main unit something like a Pixel 2?
A visits by tax offices one after another for those who made money with bitcoins! Large amount of additional taxation! Because you silly didn't report
Venezuela is the world's first nation to issue cryptocurrency. Why don't they use preexisting cryptocurrency. What's the point of that.
I want to become macho.
Mama!
Responses commonly used by LLLers "amazing", "great", "cute".
Monster Hunter girl "Please tie it"  That's right, that's right
It's been 3 years since LLL was made. I think something needs to be done to make it a heritage soon. Already 3 years... so fast.
Prime Minister Abe Shinzo starts using Instagram. Surprised reactions to him following an unexpected person "What a shock". The picture is from the secretary or other people around, and the submission appears to be Ichita. Just as I expected.
Gonna hit the billion......gonna hit the billion...... Let's try 10 consecutive numbers and 10 random ones
A new development in Nintendo Switch A game you play by combining a cardboard craft kit, "Nintendo Labo" is starting   woof woof "So fun!!"
Result: skin was made slick and rejuvenated with Vaseline
When the candy that's in the shape of the dog's face is being rolled around it's so funny for some reason.
I got Reddit Gold.  Are you jealous?
Now I'm about to go to Roppongi for work.
I am going to somewhere, I will go out now
Right now my room is 3 degrees celcius, but how about you guys~?  yo yo, 3 degrees celcius seems to be about the lower limit
From today, a new company... I come from LLL~ Crucian carp.  This introduction is flawless.
Today's bear. Aaaahhh. Haha
And then even he falls off...lol.
Is it March?
I guess there were suspicions about her smoking since she was a teenager.
Biking to work is great.
Mr. Santou of the Liberal Democratic Party says, “the Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare commends women that give birth to more than four children.”  Let’s choose what we want. What is this guy saying? He is a nut job. No, that is not true.
Maybe it's a good thing how easy it is to put something up for sale.
That girl is cute.
My allowance is 50,000 yen every month, so it shouldn't be a problem at all to do a three year contract.
Nao Kohira, Wishful gold medal! Japan women's first achievement in speed skating! Speed Skating Women's 500m Olympic Records victory • r / Olympics_ja~ so fast!
I ended up buying a new smartphone...... how sad
It could hit somebody.
Are there any nonconformists who participated in the coming of age ceremony?
Maekawa to Prime Minister Abe "If you're able to escape, I will doubt democracy"  He's already escaped, and I'm sorry to say that he wasn't given any damage at all
Please explain!
Shocking. North America and Europe are reading the mood hahaha.
The major aggregator site, 「オレ的ゲーム速報」(My game news flash), has their twitter account frozen. We did it!
The capital T is gradually being buried, LOL.
I'll release it inside.
/r/steam discusses looking forward to checking out all of the weeklong deals  Sometimes there may be more than 800 recommendations displayed, but when it's updated it will return to 6 lol
The secondary is tough.
Nikkei Average sees drop in excess of 1100 yen. A drop on the level of the largest ever seen for the New York Stock Exchange. Amazing, hilarious.
Why does "the seriousness of falsification of official documents" not make any sense for Japanese people? This confusion that lurks in the "darkness" of this country is because in Japan, we have the ancient history and legends "the Kojiki and the Nihonshoki"....that's what I think
It's the end of the year so let's take a Mensa IQ test.
I hadn't seen Baruto recently so I thought he might have gone back to his home country, but I was surprised to learn he was still in Japan.
"Is Ms Akie hiding?" It is expected that the Ministry of Finance's "legal consultation book" will be made available to the mass public. That'd be nice, I'd like get acquainted with Ms. Akie and get that pass to use tax money as much as I wanted. That'd be quite the quality wallet, wouldn't it?
Too scary.
US helicopter makes another emergency landing in Okinawa for the third time this month. Tonaki. The thread title is too long.
Today's manga diary  sad...
It's tiring because it's every day......
Isn't that Yagami Light?
I don't have a reason but I'm sad.
I was touched by a warm soup more than a cold luxurious osechi.
Old school sites 「あじゃじゃしたー」「ぁゃιぃ(*ﾟーﾟ)NEWS」have mysteriously closed down in succession to each other.
The first Nekopara one is amazingly good.
"If you get a foreign citizenship, you will lose your Japanese citizenship" 8 individuals are suing, claiming that it's violating the constitutional rights. If you don't agree, (give up on your citizenship) just get out of here (and don't come back).
"Mr. Saka became an ordinary person. It was hard to summon." Mr. Moriyama from the Liberal Democratic Party is too awful, I laughed... I laughed... And then, "Mr. sakawa has entered the ruling party. He cannot be summoned" seems to be what will happen.
← Somehow artistic, somehow instinctive → The barbeque shop seems pretty well reputed
Ah, I can only drink cold water or hot water.
Ah, my former classmate could now have a kid of their own.
Thanks!
I'm going to read the original article later.
It does exist somewhere.
So nice~
I love it a lot.❤️
But books I don't need come too.
Uh, wait, what?
Sexy.
Looks delicious.
You're late!
Work...
Good work.
I'm hungry.
Good morning poki.
It's interesting, but tiring and painful as well.
Your dinner is so early you're going to get hungry.
What great weather, the sun is shining brightly! It was a mistake.
I bought my first game on STEAM ^q^ Portal Bundle and Terraria ^ q ^
“Give me an order, captain”(#bn-fuki5) ⊂＝[konozama](#bn-dq1)
I can understand Ozawa's actions as an opposition realignmentist but the The Democratic Party for the People will surely have a dispute
This really feels like a feminine technique as it’s not just simple realism but rather aggressively adding floral patterns.
That's unfair!
I'll stay over tomorrow.
Rhydon's earthquake!
So they try to fix the dirty shoe w
Making tons of money from workers compensation using human rights as a shield
Not checking all the numbers is the problem yet it's okay if you restore it?
Japan conference “it is your own responsibility as someone being born as a lower class citizen! Shine!"
Super Tatsuya board member on the fugu controversy. "Had been sold for many years." "It has struck home with us, and we won't sell it anymore." As long as it's not beef rectum then it's fine.
Ha, I can see right through it.
Woo woo!!! Friday!  No work tomorrow!  Woo, wooo!!! (repeat for ever)
I'm irritated so I'm going to drink a Strong Zero and play that game with the guy in the pot.
It's because Yahoo won't translate Latvian.
Takane "is this another sheep...." ?? "Hitsujirou! its you Hitsujirou! I wont eat your food anymore Hitsujirou so lets go home together"
The time has come to sell goods electronically to old people.
I want gathered dried persimmon. I love dried persimmon.
I went to work on a day off (shivering voice
Shout it out loud.
You’re tough
Hehehe.
Mom is gonna use it
I looked closely and noticed that the characters have shadows, it looks fancy
Homosexual doing good
what? What crazy?
Come to Kusatsuma! The Mayor said we're threat level 1 but really we're at level 3!
The power of science is great!
so cute ～（╹◡╹）
Cheers!
Today I came home on a 🚕.
Taking care.
It's abuse!
This atmosphere is LLLLL.
Scary...
Leave it to Santa
I washed the futon mattress.
At that time it's already too late!
I finally posted a video of the real conditions... embarrassing...
But true happiness is getting to poop every day.
Speaking of TOIEC, scores can only come in intervals of 5.
What is this warmth!!!!!
I got the Usui Horn that I had my heart set on!
Yes it's a contradiction, yes that just won the argument!
I'm disliked wherever I go.
I wrote my thoughts on the appeal of this game I'm really into at the moment about a man in a pot.
It is my birthday.
I can't read.
Hot!
It seems that the influence of right wingers is icreasing in the world of American furries  Seriously, Anyamaru Tantei Kiruminzuu is the absolute worst
It's great.
So dog's make this expression too lol
Masculinization, it is.
Tough elderly power, the "outlaws" of the court... Respond to disadvantageous questions with "I can't hear", and they garner points with their wheelchairs. Not bad, nicely done, elderly people.
Ieyasu Tokugawa...
What is this, perishable food?
Fundamental flaw in Intel's processor chips necessitates updates to every OS  I was thinking about upgrading any time now, I wonder if I should go with ryzen  Goodbye, Intel
Stop with the body, do the face
A goat!
There are no worries about LLL.
Abe "The number of unemployed people decreased so it's as expected!"
Today's meal was mapo tofu  mado bofu
Today's hookah, it's fun
Submitting marriage registration → Having a wedding ceremony at the government office right then becoming popular? Cheap & easy making it very popular now! A government office event, I guess.
Recently Kurage Bunch and Omokoro's servers are so slow that I can't see it right away, it's pissing me off.
Worst in history! Man arrested for 235 kilometers per hour speed violation, what kind of car was he in? A baseball player breaking the speed limit going faster than he can throw a baseball? Hahaha.
I want to buy a clock, but simple is best.
The "Self Defense Force Best Body 2018" event will be held to determine the most beautiful macho body in the Self Defense Force! Feast your eyes on the strong muscles of members from the ground, sea, and air units ♡ Ground boiler technical officers and such have tons of free time, so if they devote themselves to lifting weights they should win in a landslide, right?
Mr. Santou of the Liberal Democratic Party says, “the Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare commends women that give birth to more than four children.”  Let’s choose what we want. What is this guy saying? He is a nut job. No, that is not true.
The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare reported an all time high number of life preservation households. They have been increasing for 6 months. That is strange because the economy is doing well.
People who drop things that you absolutely can't drop. I once saw a housewife of a reasonable age who was walking ahead of me drop a piece of sh*t from the hem of her trousers.
Increasing numbers of elderly complaining, young people in service industry troubled. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry." Is that all you can say you monkey!?
I like the off the cuff feeling.
Anything else is just jealousy.
If the inside really is perishable red bean paste then I could crush it without hesitation.
steam game
Money from the LDP was paid to Shiro Tazaki and Kent Gilbert!
The secondary is tough.
Japanese is fine.
Ninja's "Real side". Foreigner say "It is fresh rather than a stereotype". "Communicate the correct traditional culture of  ninjas to foreigners". What the Japanese think are ninjas are ninjas as well.
Former Prime Minister Fukuda Yasuo's "Hate for Abe".
I want to move somewhere around the middle of Hokkaido   A moving plan for an LLL village
It's tiring because it's every day......
Please come again tomorrow. I'll show you the true form of Juukendou. The teacher is kind of grinning haha.
What a magnificent corporate slave.
"So, which one's the bad guy?"
('A`) φ <I'm taking qualification ... I can not wear it because my foot is so big
The first Nekopara one is amazingly good.
"Mr. Saka became an ordinary person. It was hard to summon." Mr. Moriyama from the Liberal Democratic Party is too awful, I laughed... I laughed... And then, "Mr. sakawa has entered the ruling party. He cannot be summoned" seems to be what will happen.
Sword Art Online: Fatal Bullet released overseas. Many interested in whether they will mention the abysmal quality while not denigrating fans of the original. This one is gonna be tough to write a review for, eh?
Shocking: Yukari Tamura is presently in a bad state.
uh, yes
I love you darling.
Thanks!
I'm grateful.
Strawberries are my waifu.
I am drunk now.
Yes, Atami
Work...
Good work.
Orichalcum?
What great weather, the sun is shining brightly! It was a mistake.
I bought my first game on STEAM ^q^ Portal Bundle and Terraria ^ q ^
“Give me an order, captain”(#bn-fuki5) ⊂＝[konozama](#bn-dq1)
I can understand Ozawa's actions as an opposition realignmentist but the The Democratic Party for the People will surely have a dispute
This really feels like a feminine technique as it’s not just simple realism but rather aggressively adding floral patterns.
That's unfair!
I'll stay over tomorrow.
Rhydon's earthquake!
So they try to fix the dirty shoe w
Making tons of money from workers compensation using human rights as a shield
Not checking all the numbers is the problem yet it's okay if you restore it?
Japan conference “it is your own responsibility as someone being born as a lower class citizen! Shine!"
Super Tatsuya board member on the fugu controversy. "Had been sold for many years." "It has struck home with us, and we won't sell it anymore." As long as it's not beef rectum then it's fine.
Ha, I can see right through it.
Woo woo!!! Friday!  No work tomorrow!  Woo, wooo!!! (repeat for ever)
I'm irritated so I'm going to drink a Strong Zero and play that game with the guy in the pot.
It's because Yahoo won't translate Latvian.
Takane "is this another sheep...." ?? "Hitsujirou! its you Hitsujirou! I wont eat your food anymore Hitsujirou so lets go home together"
The time has come to sell goods electronically to old people.
I want gathered dried persimmon. I love dried persimmon.
I went to work on a day off (shivering voice
Shout it out loud.
You’re tough
Hehehe.
Mom is gonna use it
I looked closely and noticed that the characters have shadows, it looks fancy
Homosexual doing good
what? What crazy?
Come to Kusatsuma! The Mayor said we're threat level 1 but really we're at level 3!
The power of science is great!
so cute ～（╹◡╹）
Cheers!
Today I came home on a 🚕.
Taking care.
It's abuse!
This atmosphere is LLLLL.
Scary...
Leave it to Santa
I washed the futon mattress.
At that time it's already too late!
I finally posted a video of the real conditions... embarrassing...
But true happiness is getting to poop every day.
Speaking of TOIEC, scores can only come in intervals of 5.
What is this warmth!!!!!
I got the Usui Horn that I had my heart set on!
Yes it's a contradiction, yes that just won the argument!
I'm disliked wherever I go.
I wrote my thoughts on the appeal of this game I'm really into at the moment about a man in a pot.
It is my birthday.
I can't read.
Hot!
It seems that the influence of right wingers is icreasing in the world of American furries  Seriously, Anyamaru Tantei Kiruminzuu is the absolute worst
It's great.
So dog's make this expression too lol
Masculinization, it is.
Tough elderly power, the "outlaws" of the court... Respond to disadvantageous questions with "I can't hear", and they garner points with their wheelchairs. Not bad, nicely done, elderly people.
Ieyasu Tokugawa...
What is this, perishable food?
Fundamental flaw in Intel's processor chips necessitates updates to every OS  I was thinking about upgrading any time now, I wonder if I should go with ryzen  Goodbye, Intel
Stop with the body, do the face
A goat!
There are no worries about LLL.
Abe "The number of unemployed people decreased so it's as expected!"
Today's meal was mapo tofu  mado bofu
Today's hookah, it's fun
Submitting marriage registration → Having a wedding ceremony at the government office right then becoming popular? Cheap & easy making it very popular now! A government office event, I guess.
Recently Kurage Bunch and Omokoro's servers are so slow that I can't see it right away, it's pissing me off.
Worst in history! Man arrested for 235 kilometers per hour speed violation, what kind of car was he in? A baseball player breaking the speed limit going faster than he can throw a baseball? Hahaha.
I want to buy a clock, but simple is best.
The "Self Defense Force Best Body 2018" event will be held to determine the most beautiful macho body in the Self Defense Force! Feast your eyes on the strong muscles of members from the ground, sea, and air units ♡ Ground boiler technical officers and such have tons of free time, so if they devote themselves to lifting weights they should win in a landslide, right?
Mr. Santou of the Liberal Democratic Party says, “the Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare commends women that give birth to more than four children.”  Let’s choose what we want. What is this guy saying? He is a nut job. No, that is not true.
The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare reported an all time high number of life preservation households. They have been increasing for 6 months. That is strange because the economy is doing well.
People who drop things that you absolutely can't drop. I once saw a housewife of a reasonable age who was walking ahead of me drop a piece of sh*t from the hem of her trousers.
Increasing numbers of elderly complaining, young people in service industry troubled. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry." Is that all you can say you monkey!?
I like the off the cuff feeling.
Anything else is just jealousy.
If the inside really is perishable red bean paste then I could crush it without hesitation.
steam game
Money from the LDP was paid to Shiro Tazaki and Kent Gilbert!
The secondary is tough.
Japanese is fine.
Ninja's "Real side". Foreigner say "It is fresh rather than a stereotype". "Communicate the correct traditional culture of  ninjas to foreigners". What the Japanese think are ninjas are ninjas as well.
Former Prime Minister Fukuda Yasuo's "Hate for Abe".
I want to move somewhere around the middle of Hokkaido   A moving plan for an LLL village
It's tiring because it's every day......
Please come again tomorrow. I'll show you the true form of Juukendou. The teacher is kind of grinning haha.
What a magnificent corporate slave.
"So, which one's the bad guy?"
('A`) φ <I'm taking qualification ... I can not wear it because my foot is so big
The first Nekopara one is amazingly good.
"Mr. Saka became an ordinary person. It was hard to summon." Mr. Moriyama from the Liberal Democratic Party is too awful, I laughed... I laughed... And then, "Mr. sakawa has entered the ruling party. He cannot be summoned" seems to be what will happen.
Sword Art Online: Fatal Bullet released overseas. Many interested in whether they will mention the abysmal quality while not denigrating fans of the original. This one is gonna be tough to write a review for, eh?
Shocking: Yukari Tamura is presently in a bad state.
uh, yes
I love you darling.
Thanks!
I'm grateful.
Strawberries are my waifu.
I am drunk now.
Yes, Atami
Work...
Good work.
Orichalcum?
What great weather, the sun is shining brightly! It was a mistake.
